Eddie Izzard

In heels as well! Yeah. Yes, I'm a professional transvestite so I can run about in heels and not fall over, ‘cause,you know, if women fall over wearing heels, that's embarrassing; but if a bloke falls over wearing heels, then you have to kill yourself! It’s the end of your life, it's quite difficult.

So, San Francisco! ( singing ) San Francisco, San Francisco… Not “San Fran,” no, apparently not! I didn’t know that, I would’ve said “San Fran,” but you’d go, “No, we don’t like “San Fran,” fuck it!” Or what’s the other one you don’t…? Oh, Frisco! You don’t like that either. ( audience hissing ) And you’re a city of snakes, I see! ( Eddie hisses ) Everyone goes to a gig with a snake in their bag. ( hisses ) No other cities have snakes as much as you. I’ve been to New York, no fucking snakes; Paris, no snakes; London, no snakes. San Francisco, full of fucking snakes! ( hisses ) We did that at school! So you call it ( rolling eyes ) “The City.” ( mocking sounds ) “The City.”

And you don’t tell tourists about the weather in July and August. You don’t fucking tell anyone. They’re all going around in summer shirts, going, “Jesus Christ! I can’t see! I can’t see! Fog! There’s fog!” And it really shifts it, your fog! I saw John Carpenter’s film, “The Fog,” seen it a few times, and that fog shifts it. I thought, “Well, that’s Hollywood, that’s fog moving really fast,” but your fog is that speed! ( mimes running ) Busy, busy, busy! It could be late to get in someone’s face somewhere! It runs down the road, doesn’t it? Faster than the fucking taxis! Of which there are five…

I don’t know what that’s about. You’re a no-taxi city, aren’t you? Five taxis, all going, “I got people in.” Hours! (sounds of taxis speeding by ) Then, when you get in, they don’t know where they’re going. I had to tell the guy, “Get in the back, I’ll drive!” He’s sitting in the back, going, “Well, I don’t know… I’ve only lived here four million years!”

Cable cars are fun. Everyone gets on board and becomes a rhesus monkey. No one talks on a cable car, they just hang and stare… And the guy in the front, with no steering wheel, going, “What the fuck? What the fuck’s this one?” Pulling levers, levers… Is it four levers that just do fuckall? That it? He’s always ringing that bell, going, “Help! Help!” ( imitates bell clanging ) Endless bell ringing! What is he, the Hunchback of Notre Dame? The bell… Him and the guy from the stock market are the same person, I think. At the end of the stock market, they ring a bell. It’s the same bell. Oh, yes. ( mimes writing ) “Never link those two together again.”

Yes, so I was going to be in the army when I was a kid. Yes. I say that, and people go, “Oh, yeah, yeah!” No, I was, I was going to be in the army when I was a kid. ‘Cause if you're a transvestite, you're actually a male tomboy, that's where the sexuality is. Yeah, it's not drag queen, no; gay men have got that covered. This is male tomboy, and people do get that mixed up, they put transvestite there - no no no no! Little bit of a crowbar separation, thank you! And gay men, I think, would agree. It's male lesbian, that's really where it is, ok? Because… it's true! ‘Cause most transvestites fancy girls, fancy women. So that's where it is. So it’s “running, jumping, climbing trees, putting on makeup when you're up there.” That's where it is!

I used to keep my makeup in a squirrel hole, up the tree. The squirrel would keep makeup on one side, and he'd keep nuts on the other side. And sometimes I'd get up that tree, and that squirrel would be covered in makeup! ( mimes squirrel putting on makeup ) "La la, la la… Oh! ( mimes squirrel eating ) What?! Fuck off!" He seemed to say. And squirrels always eat nuts with two hands, always two hands, and occasionally, they stop and go ( gasps ), as if they're going, "Did I leave the gas on? No! I'm a fucking squirrel!" And occasionally they go, "Fucking nuts! Fed up with them always. I long for a grapefruit."

Yeah. So that's very much like the army-- the running, jumping, climbing trees is, not the squirrel bit-- the trees bit. And I was! I loved the army stuff, which is the running, jumping, standing still, “Found you,” ah-ah, flag, “Look,” hat, you know. Bang! I liked all that stuff, the gun thing… I liked blowing up milk bottles. You know, kill the milk bottles. Boom! Explode milk bottles. Yes. It seems fun - there's this thing of power in you hands. There's all this National Rifle Association and everyone in America is - I mean, 13 year olds keep going out and they get hold of weapons from their grandfather's arsenal! "I'll borrow the Howitzer, the M16 machine gun, the Uzi…" What the fuck's the grandfather doing?! This kid down in Arkansas just helped himself to a ton of military weapons, and went and blew away his school!

And the National Rifle Association says that, "Guns don't kill people, people do,” but I think the gun helps, you know? I think it helps. I just think just standing there going, "Bang!" That's not going to kill too many people, is it? You'd have to be really dodgy on the heart to have that… ( imitates gunfire noises ) I think they should just try that, you know.

But yeah, shooting clay pigeons, I think, yeah, go for that. Shooting clay pigeons, they’re fuckers! Come round your house, whiz through ( fly-by noises ) They do nothing, they don't even eat flies! You know? Spiders eat flies, so they're all right, keep them, you know? Flies don't eat fuckall, so kill 'em! And clay pigeons - everyone shoots them in the air. Wait 'til they land! Then go up to the clay pigeon... ( shoots ) Much easier.

Yeah. So! I didn't join the army, as you might have noticed... Yeah, ‘cause there's not much makeup in the army, is there? No? They only have that night-time look, and that's a bit slapdash, isn't it? And they look a mess! So you can't join, even though the American armed forces have a distinct policy of "don't ask, don't tell" towards the alternative sexualities. If you're a bloke wearing a lot of makeup, you know… I don't think they need to ask, really! And so you can't join, they go, "No, no, you can't.It's the wrong shade of lipstick for the Army, I'm afraid..." And they're missing a huge opportunity here, ‘cause we all know one of the main elements of attack is the element of surprise, and so what could be more surprising than the 1st Battalion Transvestite Brigade? Airborne wing! The airborne wing parachuting into dangerous areas with fantastic makeup! And a fantastic gun! And the opposing forces going, "Fucking ‘ell, look at these guys! Look at that! They’ve got guns. They've got guns! Jesus, they've got guns!" Ah, bugger. I was so surprised! Were you surprised? I was surprised.

Anyway, so yes, sooo… Also, if you're a transvestite, you get lumped into that weirdo grouping, you know? When I was in New York, there was a guy in the Bronx whowas living in a cave…like you do, and he was coming out and shooting at geese and… ( chuckles ) a lot of weird things going on with this guy; and the police picked him up and they found a collection of women's shoes, and they thought, "Maybe he's a transvestite.” And if he is, he's a fucking weirdo transvestite! I'm much more in the executive transvestite area. Travel the world, yes, it's much more executive. Like J. Edgar Hoover, what a fuckhead he was! They found out when he died that he was a transvestite, and they go, "Well, that explains his weird behavior!" Yeah, fucking weirdo transvestite! ( pointing to himself )Executive transvestite. It's a lot wider community, more wide than you'd think…

Yes, and I grew up in Europe, where the history comes from. Oh, yeah. You tear your history down, man! “30 years old, let's smash it to the floor and put a car park here!" I have seen it in stories. I sawsomething in a program on something in Miami, and they were saying, "We've redecorated this building to how it looked over 50 years ago!" And people were going, "No, surely not, no. No one was alive then!"

Well, we got tons of history lying about the place, big old castles, and they just get in the way. We're driving-- "Oh, a fucking castle! Have to drive around it..." Disney came over and built Euro Disney, and they built the Disney castle there, and it was, "You better make it a bit bigger, they've actually got them here... And they're not made of plastic!" We got tons of them, ‘cause you think we all live in castles, and we do all live in castles! We all got a castle each. We're up to here with fucking castles! We just long for a bungalow or something.

And I grew up in the 70s, when the careers advisor used to come to school, and he used to get the kids together and say, "Look, I advise you to get a career, what can I say? That's it." And he took me aside, he said, "Whatcha you want to do, kid? Whatcha you want to do? Tell me, tell me your dreams!" "I want to be a space astronaut! Go to outer space, discover things that have never been discovered." He said, "Look, you're British, so scale it down a bit, all right?" "All right, I want to work in a shoe shop then! Discover shoes that no one's ever discovered right in the back of the shop, on the left." And he said, "Look, you're British, so scale it down a bit, all right?" "All right, I want to work in a sewer then! Discover sewage that no one's ever discovered, and pile it on my head, then come to the surface and sell myself to an art gallery." He said, "What the fuck have you been smoking, eh? Certainly you haven't been smoking in a bar in California, that's for certain!" ‘Cause you can't! No, no smoking in bars now, and soon, no drinking and no talking! Be careful, California! You're supposed to be the crazy state, the out there, the wild ones, you know? In the future, everyone's going to say, "Come down to the library, we'll have a wild time, shall we? “ ( mimes dragging on a joint ) “Don't know where that fucking book is, mate, it could be anywhere! There's a lot of 'em about!"

Yeah,so, yes, so that was it. There was a spirit of ex-empire, this thing of “things can't be done," whereas in America, I thought there was a spirit of "can be done!" The pioneer thing.

"Go do it, what do you want to do?"

“I want to put babies on spikes."

"Go then! Go!”

It's the American Dream! "Hi! I'm Crazy Eddie! I put babies on spikes. Do you want a rack of babies? We've got babies on racks! Mmm, they taste of chicken!" They do! Babies taste of chicken! Cannibals say that human flesh tastes of chicken, so babies must taste of chicken. And chicken tastes of humans. ( nervous laughter from audience ) Good, I'm glad you're coming with me on that.

Yes, so this is all true. And so, yes. Soin Europe, we had empires. Everyone had them - France and Spain and Britain and Turkey! The Ottoman Empire, full of furniture for some reason. And the Austro-Hungarian Empire, famous for fuck all! Yes, all they did was slowly collapse like a flan in a cupboard.

And the German empire, very organized, they’d always build an empire, “ein, zwei, ein, zwei, “build an empire, very Prussian, and then they'd celebrate with a World War! And then lose the whole fucking empire by the end of the war. In the 30s, Hitler, Czechoslovakia, Poland, France, World War II... the Russian front, not a good idea...! Hitler never played “Risk” when he was a kid...! ‘Cause, you know, playing “Risk,” you could never hold on to Asia. That Asian-Eastern European area, you could never hold it, could you? Seven extra men at the beginning of every go, but you couldn't fucking hold it! Australasia, that was the one! Australasia, all the purple ones! Get everyone on Papua New Guinea and just build up and build up...

And Hitler ended up in a ditch, covered in petrol, on fire, so, that's fun! I think that's funny, ‘cause he was a mass-murdering fuckhead. And that was his honeymoon as well! Double trouble!

"Eva, let's marry."

"Where should our honeymoon be?"

"Well, in a ditch, covered in petrol, on fire. I've already arranged it upstairs."

"Oh, how romantic, Adolf."

"Yes, I thought!"

Fun! What a bastard! And he was a vegetarian, and a painter, so he must have been going, "I can't get the fucking trees… Damn! I will kill everyone in the world!"

And he was a mass-murdering fuckhead, as many important historians have said. But there were other mass murderers that got away with it! Stalin killed many millions, died in his bed, well done there; Pol Pot killed 1.7 million Cambodians, died under house arrest at age 72, well done indeed! And the reason we let them get away with it is because they killed their own people, and we're sort of fine with that. “Ah, help yourself,” you know? “We've been trying to kill you for ages!” So kill your own people, right on there. Seems to be… Hitler killed people next door... “Oh… stupid man!” After a couple of years, we won't stand for that, will we?

Pol Pot killed 1.7 million people. We can't even deal with that! You know, we think if somebody kills someone, that's murder, you go to prison. You kill 10 people, you go to Texas, they hit you with a brick, that's what they do. 20 people, you go to a hospital, they look through a small window at you forever. And over that, we can't deal with it, you know? Someone's killed 100,000 people. We're almost going, "Well done! You killed 100,000 people? You must get up very early in the morning. I can't even get down the gym! Your diary must look odd: “Get up in the morning, death, death, death, death, death, death, death – lunch- death, death, death -afternoon tea - death, death, death - quick shower…"
So I suppose we're glad that Pol Pot's under house arrest… you know, 1.7 million people. At least he - we know where he is - under house arrest! Just don't go in that fucking house, you know? I know a lot of people who'd love to be under house arrest! They bring you your food… "Just stay here? Oh, all right. (singing laconically ) Have you got any videos?" You know, you just sit there all day... And Pol Pot was a history teacher. And Hitler was a vegetarian painter. So... mass-murderers come from the areas you least expect it. I don't know how the flip comes over, but it happens.

So, yeah. There was a lot of that, and we built up empires - we stole countries! That's what you do,that's how you build an empire. We stole countries with the cunning use of flags! Yeah, just sail around the world and stick a flag in.

"I claim India for Britain!"

They go, "You can't claim us, we live here! 500 million of us!"

"Do you have a flag?"

"We don't need a bloody flag! It's our country, you bastards!"

"No flag, no country, you can't have one! That's the rules that I've just made up, and I'm backing it up with this gun that was lent from the National Rifle Association."

That was it, you know?
And Queen Victoria became Empress of India. She never even fucking went there, you know?

She was one of our more frumpy queens… they're all frumpy, aren't they? Because it's a bad idea when cousins marry! Bottom of the gene pool, you know. You'rejust scraping the barrel there, “We've haven't got enough for any more of you royals there, sorry.” First rule of genetics: spread the genes apart! But the royals are just obsessed with, "Are you a royal family? Are you a royal member? Well, then you can marry me ‘cause you're same gene pool, and our IQs will go down the toilet.” Fantastic! That's why there's no crazy royals, they're all kind of, "Hello! Hello, what do you do? You're a plumber! What on Earth is that?"
So yeah. And after World War II, all the empires sort of dissolved. And we didn't - we came first inWorld War II, but we were financially fucked by the end, ‘cause there was a period of time where it was just us and the Nazis, and they'd been making weapons for ages! They had a head start! We were going, "Get the tanks out! Get the… we haven't got any tanks? Then get that ice cream van out there! Get it out there! Kill! All right,fuck it. ( mimes making ice cones and throwing them ) Fuck off! Everything! Just throw everything at them! Just… that's not… harder! Orange fruities! And Zooms! Throw the Zooms! Fuck off, you bastards! Pots and pans! Get pots… just throw the pots and pans at them!"

So by the time America came in - ‘cause you were watching a U.S. cavalry film, ‘cause the U.S. cavalry always comes in right just towards the end of the film - ( sings charge melody ) "Ok, let's go America!" ( charge melody ) "I love the smell of Europe in the morning! So, how're you doing?", we were going, "Fucking ‘ell, where've you been?" "Ah, having breakfast. So, what's going on, hey?"

So, America did well, Russia did well, and deservedly so, because half a million American soldiers died, half a million British soldiers died, and about 26 million Russian soldiers died. Soldiers and civilians, and that's just 50 times as many. It's just un-fucking-believable, you know, and no one mentions it! These are just figures I discovered. That's why they put up…’cause, I mean, Napoleon had been steaming in there 100 years before: "I'm going to kill them, I'm going to kill them, going to… Oh, it's a bit cold, it's a bit cold. Right! Ok, ok, bad idea." And then Hitler, "I've got a better idea, got a better idea… Oh, it's the same idea! It's the same idea, it's the same idea..." So no wonder they set up the Eastern Bloc! They wanted a buffer zone. It wasn't fair, but that's what they did. So that's where they're coming from.

And about 20 million Nazi Germans died, but they did start it, they did start that one. And, yeah, so it was that,and France hated them all ‘cause Southern France was collaborating with the Germans, embarrassing! So since then, they've been kind of spiky and kind of, French... I'm very positive on the French, my family way back was French, so I go with it, but they are kind of, well, fucking French at times...

"All of Europe, you must do this!"

"Well… we're not gonna! We're gonna have a sandwich."

And Germany and Japan, they do seem to have a natural instinct in a very generalized way for organization and being military, but,you know, there's a very strong Green Party there now, kids with beards, it's getting okay, and I just think Japan and Germany should be the peacekeepers of the world. They should be parachuted in; whenever something breaks out, parachute Germans and Japanese in. They’ll go, "Look, we've done this before, we've done the killing. Hello! Take it from us, just chill out!" And then, they’d organize peace really quickly. "All right, peace, peace, peace, peace is organized!” It could be brilliant if they could do that. That's their destiny, man! Yeah.

Italy invented fascism in 1922. Mussolini said, "Right, we're all fascists!" but most Italian people are always on scooters going, "Ciao!" And they're into football, and life, and they're not fascists, you know? He said, "We're all fascists!" "All right, ciao!" No helmet on… ( imitates scooter running ) All those 50s films, like “Roman Holiday,” it's just like that! Everyone's just cool and hangs out.

So after World War II, the whole world was going,

"Come on, Europe, give these countries back. Come on, we just had a bloody war; let's give 'em back. Britain?"

"Wha'?"

"What's that behind your back?"

"Oh, it's India and a number of other countries."

"Give 'em back."

"Oh, all right. There's that one there, and there's that one…”

“Falkland Islands?”

“Oh, we need the Falkland Islands... for strategic sheep purposes!"

Yeah. And then it was a case of no empire no longer.

But in America, it was different. The founding fathers landed in 16 ( mumbles ). They set off from Plymouth and landed in Plymouth! How lucky is that? "This is Plymouth? We've just come from Plymouth! We've gone round in a circle. Lads, back on the boats." They finally got there and said, "Ah, this is where our God has brought us to! We can practice our religion here, we can raise a family. There's nobody here! Excuse me… There's nobody here! Yes, a land empty of human existence… Who the fuck are these guys? ( mimes the headdress) What's all this, please? No, we don't want any of your food, thank you very much! Just put some clothes on!"

Meanwhile, that winter… "Excuse me, do you have any food?(mimes the headdress) I love all this, love the idea! ( chuckles ) Yes, I'm sorry, we were a bit brusque when we first arrived, we didn't realize you owned the entire country! But you have no system of ownership? Mmm, interesting! Maybe that can come in useful later… Food! Thank you very much, very nice... Yes, there're more of us coming but we'll keep our promises." So the American government lied to the Native Americans for many, many years, and then President Clinton lied about a relationship, and everyone was surprised! A little naïve, I feel!

Everyone fucking lies! When we were kids, we lied our heads off! "I didn't do it! I was… I wasn't…I was dead at the time! I was on the Moon! With Steve!" And your Dad's going,

"I haven't evenaccused you of anything yet."

"Oh, all right. Well… what is… what's the que… well, I… I… well… what?"

"Did you brush your teeth?"

"No… yes… what's correct? Anywa … yeah. I was dead at the time!"

Then when you're more mature, you do start telling the truth in odd situations. "I'm sorry, I've broken the glass, I've broken this… is that expensive? I've broke it. I'll pay for that, I'm sorry." And you do that so people in the room might go, "What a strong personality that person has. I like to have sex with people with strong personalities.""And I've broke other things, I smashed that, and that's gone, and I've just thrown the cat out the window and..."

Oh, yeah! So, perjury, you know! If you commit perjury, I don't care, don't give a shit. I don't think you should because you grade murder. You have murder one, murder two; you realize that there can be a difference in the level of murder, so there must be a difference in the level of perjury. Perjury one is when you're saying there's no Holocaust when 10 million people have died in it, and perjury... nine, is when you said you shagged someone when you didn't. You know, it's...

So yes, so in America, the Native American situation, and slavery didn't do very well.And in Europe now we've a new thing: the European Union. 500 million people, 200 languages - no one's got a clue what there saying to each other! But it's the cutting edge of politics, in a very extraordinarily boring way. Because we've got 15 different countries in the European Union at the moment and trying to get them to decide anything is a little bit, "Which… wha… is it… oh no, here, back up, you… oh, you're in with him! Uh-huh, I'm with… Oh, you're with him!" you know.

For 18 years we had a government in Britain who was a right-wing government and their policy towards Europe was one of, "No! No! No! I can't! ( singing with his fingers in his ears )" And now we've got a government whose policy is more, "Bonjour! Hola! Tak! Da! ( mimes playing banjo ) Ciao!" Britain needs to be in the driving seat of Europe. In the driving seat, or in the passenger seat, that's pretty good, you know, ‘cause you can take a sleep for a little bit... "Are we there yet?" At the moment, Britain's not even in the European car. We're outside the car, at the traffic lights, going, "We're going to clean your windows, all right?"

Yes.
And we had the Pagans in Britain. You didn't really have the Pagans here. You had the Native Americans and it was much more of a warrior, aboriginal-type existence, and... we had the Pagans. They were into sex, death, and religion in an interesting night-time telly type of way. And we had the Druids! Long white robes, long white beards, early transvestites, didn't get their shaving together; and they built Stonehenge, one of the biggest henges in the world. No one's built a henge like that ever since. No one knows what the fuck a henge is! Before Stonehenge, there was Woodhenge and Strawhenge, but a big bad wolf came and blew them down, and three little piggies were relocated to the projects.

But they built Stonehenge, and it's built in an area called Salisbury Plain in the South of England. The area of Salisbury Plain where they built it is very ( eerie chanting ), ‘cause that's good, you know. It's a mystical thing; build it in a mystical area. You don't want to build it in an area that's ( singing upbeat jazzy tune ). No, there you build Trump Tower. But yeah, so they built it there. And the stones! The stones are 50 foot high, 30 foot long, 20 foot deep, and other measurements as well! And they’re not from ‘round there, that's the amazing thing! Remember, this is B.C. ( mumbles). This was before the B.C./A.D. changeover,when everyone was going, “Is it A.D. yet?” ( mimes adjusting watch ) You didn't have to wind your watch back, you had to get a new bloody watch! “Oh, it’s A.D., isn’t it? Fucking ‘ell!” And the Muslim people going, "A.D? Who's he?" Yes. ( hearty laugh from audience member ) Good laugh there!

So, yeah, the stones are from 200 miles away,in Wales, so these guys in Wales were obviously carving the rocks out of the very living mountain... "Fantastic, building a henge, are we? That's a fantastic idea! That's a marvelous religion the Druids have got! Yes, got a lot of white clothing, I like that. There we go!" And they smashed out a huge stone and then they put tree trunks down to roll it along on.

"All right, walk it along, here we go, here we go."

"Help you push 'em along? It's not far, is it?"

And the Druids going,

"Heave, everyone, heave! Well done, everyone, you're doing very well! You'll love it when you see it. I've seen some of the drawings already, it's very special."

After 200 miles…

"You fucking bastards! You never told us 200 miles! 200 miles in this day and age - I don't even know where I live now! ( sighs ) I wish the Christians would hurry up and get here!"

And they set all the stones up and the Druids still there tinkering around going,

"No, that stone and this one - can we swap them around?"

So that was the Pagans.

And then the Romans came along with their gods that they had borrowed from the Greeks. They invaded Greece,conquered them and stole all their gods... and renamed them with Roman names, ‘cause the Roman gods before that were kind of crap, you know - Geoff, the god of biscuits, and Simon, the god of hairdos… You know, they had the God of War, the God of Thunder, the God of Running Around and Jumping, and stuff. "Oh, let's get some of those! Thank God they've got some gods, ‘cause we have these crap gods, you know?"

Yes, the Emperor Fabulous put that into operation and... There should have been an Emperor Fabulous, shouldn't there?

"I am the Emperor Fabulous!"

"Oh, yes, so you are."

"Yes. And my son, Fabulous II, and him… really interesting guy... “

So yeah, and the Romans went Christian and then we had Christianity for about 1500 years. You know, Catholicism, we believed in the teachings of Cathol, and everything it stood for... Then Henry VIII came along. Henry VIII, a big, hairy king, and he said to the Pope, the head of the Catholic Church:

"Mr. Pope! I'm going to marry my first wife, and then I'm going to divorce her. Now, I know what you're going to say but stick with me, my story gets better. I'm going to marry my second wife and then I'm gong to kill her, cut her head off! Ah, not expecting that, are ya? Third wife, gonna shoot her. Fourth wife, put her into a bag. Fifth wife, into outer space. Sixth wife, on a Rotissimat. Seventh wife, made out of jam. Eighth wife…” ( makes sound similar to putting babies on spikes )

And the Pope's going,

( Italian accent )"You crazy bugger! You can't do all this! What are you, a Mormon? You can't marry all these people! It's illegal! You can't do all this! I am the Pope, I am the head of the Church, I have to keep up… ciao! I have to keep up standards. What have you been reading, the gospel according to St. Bastard?"

So Henry VIII, who was Sean Connery for this film, said:

( imitating Sean Connery ) "Well then, I will set up a new religion in this country. I will set up the Psychotic Bastard religion."

And an advisor said,

"Why not call it Church of England, Sire?"

"Church of England, actually. Much better... Even though I’m Scottish myself."

So they did! That's the birth of Church of England, the birth of the Anglican Church! Disgusting, eh? That's no basis to start a religion on! Nothing to do with the Protestant church,I mean,Henry just shagged and killed a lot of women and then stole all the money off the monasteries. You know, rape and pillage, that is!

The Protestant faith was different. That started probably around a similar time, but that was about Martin Luther, this German guy who pinned a note on a church door saying, " 'ang on a minute!" But in German, so, "Ein Minuten, bitte. Ich habe einen kleinen Problemo avec diese Religione." He was from everywhere. So yeah and so the Protestant faith was sort of tacked on by Queen Elizabeth I a bit later. "Oh, principles! Thank God! We've got some principles." Nowadays, Church of England is much more, "Hello, how are you?" Much more a hobby-type... "Hello!" A lot of people in Church of England have no muscles in their arms. "Hello, yes... ( chuckles ) Yes, that's what I thought. ( chuckles ) Do come in, you're the only one today! Now the sermon today is taken from a magazine that I found in a hedge. Now lipstick colors this season are in the frosted pink area and nail colors to match... And this reminds me rather of our Lord Jesus! Because surely, when Jesus went into Nazareth on a donkey, he must have got tarted up a bit…”
“We will now sing hymn 405, "Oh God, What on Earth Is My Hairdo All About?" ( drearily )"Oh God, what on earth is my hai-airdo..."

There's something weird, something phenomenally dreary about Christian singing. The Gospel singers are the only singers that just go crazy, joyous and it's fucking amazing! And it's born out of kidnapping, imprisonment, slavery, murder, all of that - and this joyous singing! And the Church of England, well, all those sort of Christian religions, which is mainly Caucasian white people, with all the power and money - enough power and money to make Solomon blush, and they're all singing, ( dirge-like ) "Oh, God, our hope in ages past, our hope for years..." They're the only groups of people that could sing, "Hallelujah" without feeling like it's a "Hallelujah!" thing. ( drearily ) "Hallelujah, hallelujah, joyfully we lark about." It's just not kicking, is it?God must be up there going, "What on Earth is that?" God, who is James Mason.

(Imitating Mason ) "What on earth is that, Jesus? Jesus Christ! What on earth is that?"

"Don't take my name in vain, Dad!"

"Jeezy Creezy, what on Earth is that?"

"Don't call me Jeezy Creezy! Look Dad, I went down there, I taught 'em to be hang out, be groovy, drink a bit of wine, they split into different groups!

You've got the Catholics, the Protestants, the Jesuits, the Methodists, the Evangelicals, the free Presbyterians, the locked up Presbyterians... the Quakers, the Bakers, the Candlestick Makers... The Mormons are from Mars, Dad, we've had that checked out."

"And what does the Holy Ghost think of all this?"

"Oh, he's useless, Dad. Got a sheet over his head these days."

( spookily ) "Oh... Holy Ghost! Holy Ghost... Holy Ghost!"

"Holy Ghost, this is not an episode of Scooby Doo!"

"I would have succeeded if it wasn't for those pesky God and Jesus fellows!"

Cause Shaggy and Scooby are interesting characters. They're two of the most major characters in American literature. Because, and I mean this sincerely, and I think it's fantastic, because they are cowards. They are cowardly characters - they believe in cowardice and sandwiches. And can you think of any in the whole realm of the English-speaking literature that are characters like that? Cowardly characters that you identify with. ‘Cause you identify with them, you're with them all the way! "Go Shaggy! Go Scooby!" The rest of the guys who drive the van, "Fuck off!" Scrappy Doo, a Magnum... ( shoots ) "Thank you, Granddad." ( general laughter ) Well remembered.

But Shaggy and Scooby; the only other character, I mean, tell me now if you can think of any character ‘cause I'm willing to learn, but somebody mentioned Falstaff. A Shakespearean character!It's that level of greatness! Falstaff, you sort of identify with him, but he has a melancholy with him. But Shaggy and Scooby are upbeat all the time, saying ( imitates Scooby Doo talking ) And you love 'em! You're with 'em! There's part of us that - Shaggy and Scooby at every stage of the way.

So if you travel around the world, and, you know, ‘cause your American foreign policy does give you a difficult time to exist around the world, two tricks: one, say you're Canadian, that helps. It works in Europe, it's very good! And the second is just say, "Shaggy and Scooby." And they go "Shaggy and Scooby!" International credit card, I think! So yeah.

So the Pagan religion I don't know a huge amount about, but it was this earthy thing. Christianity had split into many different areas - Catholicism still has the fire and brimstone,( beating drum ) "Row, you bastards!” You know... Original sin! What a hellish idea that is! People have to go,

"Father, bless me for I have sinned, I did an original sin… I poked a badger with a spoon."

"I've never heard of that one before! Five Hail Mary's and two Hello, Dolly's."

"Oh, all right..."

"Bless me, Father, for I have slept with my next door neighbor's wife."

"Heard it! I want an original sin."

"Oh, I'm terribly sorry!"

The Anglican faith doesn't have that. You'll never go,

"Vicar, I have done many bad things."

"Well, so have I."

"What shall I do?"

"Well, drink five Bloody Marys and you won't remember."

Because the Anglican faith had a lack of principles for a long time. You can't get really headstrong about it. You can't say, you know, like the Islamic jihads that we hear bout. We get scared about those Islamic jihads. I think we do assume that everyone who is into the Islamic religion is having a jihad every other bloody day. There's a lot of very relaxed Islamic people, and we got to understand - remember, this is very important - and we do assume that jihads are just like, you know,everyday three jihads are issued by every individual. It just seems they're everywhere . "The fruit shop shortchanged me! A fucking jihad on them!" Bump into someone, say,

"Hey! A fucking jihad on you!"

"How many jihads have you got going now, Dad?"

"Well, 24. God, it's difficult to keep up with them!"

I just don't think that's happening. But you can't do that in Church of England, you can't say, "You must have tea and cake with the Vicar, or you die!" You can't have extreme points of view, you know. The Spanish Inquisition wouldn't have worked with Church of England.

"Talk! Will you talk!"

"But it hurts!"

"Well, loosen it up a bit, will you? Fine..."

‘Cause that's what it would be. "Tea and cake or death? Tea and cake or death? Tea and cake or death!" Students with beards, ( mimes demonstrating with picket signs ) "Tea and cake or death! Tea and cake or death! Little Red Cookbook! Little Red Cookbook!" ‘Cause, "Cake or death?" That's a pretty easy question. Anyone could answer that.

"Cake or death?"

"Eh, cake please."

"Very well! Give him cake!"

"Oh, thanks very much. It's very nice."

"You! Cake or death?"

“Uh, cake for me, too, please."

"Very well! Give him cake, too! We're gonna run out of cake at this rate. You! Cake or death?"

"Uh, death, please. No, cake! Cake! Cake, sorry. Sorry..."

"You said death first, uh-uh, death first!"

"Well, I meant cake!"

"Oh, all right. You're lucky I'm Church of England!" Cake or death?"

"Uh, cake please."

"Well, we're out of cake! We only had three bits and we didn't expect such a rush. So what do you want?"

"Well, so my choice is 'or death’? I’ll have the chicken then, please.

“Taste of human, sir. Would you like a white wine? There you go, thank you very much.”

“ Thank you for flying Church of England, cake or death?"

“I asked for the vegetarian."

"Ah, yes, the vegetarian, yes! There we go, Mr. Hitler. There we go... Like a bit of wine? Thank you very much...you Nazi shithead!"

So, yeah. So the Pagan religion had very big festivals, remember, on Easter and Christmas. The Christian religion came along and had very big festivals, at Easter and Christmas. Jesus died on one and was born on the other. ( doubting sounds ) ‘Cause Jesus I do think did exist, and he was, I think, a guy who had interesting ideas in the Gandhi-type area, in the Nelson Mandela-type area, you know, relaxed and groovy; and the Romans thought, "Relaxed and groovy?! No, no, no, no, no!" So they murdered him. And kids eat chocolate eggs, because of the color of the chocolate, and the color of the... wood on the cross. Well, you tell me! It's got nothing to do with it, has it? You know, people going, "Remember, kids," the kids who're eating the chocolate eggs,

"Jesus died for your sins."

"Yeah, I know, it's great!”

“No, no no, it's bad, it's bad!”

“ No, it's bad! It's very bad. It's terrible! Whatever you want, just keep giving me these eggs."

And the bunny rabbits! Where do they come into the crucifixion? There were no bunny rabbits up on the hill going, "Hey, what, are you going to put those crosses in our warrens? We live below this hill, all right?" Bunny rabbits are for shagging, eggs are for fertility. It's a festival - it's the spring festival!

Christmastime, you know, Jesus born to a big jolly guy in a red jacket.

"Ho, ho, ho! Ho, ho, ho, baby Jesus! And what would you like for Christmas?"

"Peace on Earth and goodwill towards men."

"Well, what about a clockwork train?"

"Oh, yes, much better. Forget peace on earth, I don't care.”

And, you know, the Christmas fir tree, there's none of them in Nazareth. The “partridge in a pear tree” song was not sung at the Last Supper. They weren't there going,

" 'And a partridge in a pear tree. Five goold rings!' Come on, loosen up, Judas."

"Oh, all right..."

" 'On the seventh day of Christmas...’ Judy, come on, Judy, loosen up."

"Don't call me Judy, I've told you!"

"Oh! Can you lend us a fiver, Judy? I'm a bit short."

"All right, lads, Leonardo da Vinci's painting the picture, so everyone get your positions, here we go.""Jesus, why are you doing the big arms thing?"

"Well, I don't know… I just thought I'd do a big arms thing, I don't know."

"Well, I'm going to do a big arms thing as well."

"Yeah, me too! I'll call that the big arms..."

"Look, we can't all do big arms! We'll look like a squadron of Spitfires, for fuck's sake! I'll do big arms and you just look at me and go, 'Ooh, he's doing big arms.' "

"All right."

"Leonardo, have you got that one? Have you got the painting? All right, now a fun one as well, ‘member...( mocking laughter ) "

That “Partridge in a pear tree” song, the only bit we like of it is that,( singing )"Five gold rings!" People go berserk at that point! People come running in from other rooms, ( singing ) "Five gold rings!" The rest of it, we don't know; above that, it's just,( singing, uncertain ) "Twelve…monkeys mating, eleven… donkeys dancing, ten pigmies farming, nine… socks… a swimming…( certain ) five gold rings!" This is a human thing. We only like to learn a little bit of a song. We can't be bothered, yeah.

The American national anthem I've noticed is a bit hazy in the middle! ‘Cause it starts strong and you finish strong, but the middle bit's a bit, ( singing ) "And fish in the sky, and a big… monkey pie..." I've seen guys up there, halfway through, just losing it.

"What the fuck is it?"

"I came second, I'm from Turkey! I don't know! Would you like some furniture?”

But in Britain we don't win many gold medals at the Olympics… because we've chosen not to! It's a political statement! Because we hate our national anthem. Because it's “God Save the Queen,” you see? “God Save the Queen.” Now the Queen lives in a very big house, she has barbed wire outside, and people with guns in front of that. That's one saved fucking queen, I'll tell you! That's the problem! She's overly saved! She has no idea of the struggle of human existence. We have to work for a living, raise a family… we don't have nannies all running around the place. It's what you've got to do in your life, you know?So it's "God Save the Queen." No! It's too saved. It's "God Attack the Queen," that's what it should be! ( singing ) "God attack the Queen, send big dogs after her that bite her bum. Let them chase after her and rip her knickers off..." That'd be fantastic! Then she'd have to fight the crazy dog with a handbag with a brick inside of it.

"Crazy dog! Crazy dog!"

"Arrgghh, kill the Queen!"

"No - crazy dog!"

And maybe she'd kill the crazy dog and everyone in Britain would go, "Hey, fair play to the Queen,- killed the crazy dog." And the Queen would have self-respect for the first time in her life! Yes. It would work. It'd be fantabulous.

But in America, you win the gold medal, I’ve seen you at the Olympics. You stand there, hand on the hearts… You and the Roman Empire are the only people who’ve ever done that, so be very careful! ‘Cause you’re the new Roman Empire, you realize that? There’s no one else going! ‘Cause the only other big power is China, I supposed, but they’re going, “Ah… oh…” kind of thing. 1.000 million, but they’re all just getting ready.

But you’re the Roman Empire, yeah! So you’ve got vomitoriums and orgies to look forward to… Let the President lead the way! ‘Cause no one cares in America and… I don’t know. In Europe, we’re just watching you, and going, “What are you doing?” ‘Cause in France they wouldn’t care, and in Britain, they’d get shot. If the Prime Minister had done something, everyone would go, ( mumbling sheepishly ).

“Can the government say what was happening on the recent affair with the Prime Minister?”

“Well, the government would like to say ( more mumbling ).”

“Thank you.”

But you do sing the national anthem - I've seen you singing the national anthem, and I've worked out how to do it. If you're lost in the middle of it and you're singing the words, becausethe Tannoy systems at big stadiums, you know, it doesn't matter wherever you're singing it. All that people care about is the look,because there's figures on this. 70% of what people react to is the look, you know, it's how you look; and 20% is about how you sound; and only 10% is what you say. So if you look good and sound good, just up there going, ( sings gibberish to a few bars of The Star Spangled Banner ) Big mouth! ( more gibberish to a few more bars ) The eyes! ( more gibberish ) Use that! ( more gibberish ) And keep confirming and denying things. ( more gibberish, up to the words 'Star spangled banner yet wave' )Everyone will go wild! Oh, yeah, oh yeah!

I'm an action transvestite, actually, as well as being an executive transvestite. I'm an action transvestite! ‘Cause it's running, jumping, climbing trees, you know. So I went snowboarding when I was in Aspen. Andyou look cool when you snowboard, you just look cool, you know? You cannot but look cool ‘cause you're nailed to a fucking plank of wood. As long as you're vertical, you're going, "Hey, yes!" ( swishing sounds )

Skiing, you can be kinda… ( wobbles about ). There's a lot of that stuff, but this is just ( speeding sounds ). And there's only two positions in snowboarding: One is looking cool; the second is DEAD! Right? Pow! So I was looking cool and I was going 50, 60 thousand miles an hour! ‘Cause you have no idea! The police never pull you over. They never, ( makes siren noises ) "Ah, fucking ‘ell! ( swishing sound to stop ) ‘Cause the police need to be able to walk up to you in that kind of condescending way. "Ok, Sonny Jim, what do you think you're doing, eh?" And they can't do that on a snowboard, because they have to go... ( jumping with legs together, then wobbling to keep vertical ) "Your taillight's out, and… you've got no… knees." So anyway, that didn't happen. No, I was just going fast, and I fell, and I smashed my head, and... my head was fine. But my neck went, "Oh, no. Oh, no, thank you."

So I had to go see a chiropractor in New York, and they're different to osteopaths, chiropractors, because of the spelling. Of course, they're both very powerful figures on the Scrabble board, though... "Chiropractor... chiropractor... chiropractor... 93 letters, chiropractor." And they crack your bones, that's what they do, they crack your bones! And they take x-rays, but it’s pointless, because whatever is wrong with you… "You've got a bad back, I'm gonna crack your bones.” “You've got diphtheria, I'm gonna crack your bones.” “Your head's come off! I'm gonna crack your bones.” “It looks like your mother! I'm going to crack your bones. " And then, when they crack your bones it goes ( painful sigh ) and then, “Ahh!” but not sort of ( reliefsigh ), but ( disconcerted sigh ). All the way up your spine, "Crack your bones, crack your bones, crack your bones." And they sort of arrange you into a nice, comfortable ( mimes chiropractor’s actions ) And sometimes it doesn't crack! Sometimes it just goes, "____". Then they pull a mallet from their belt and they try to make the noise. “Make the noise! I live for the noise..." And they do your head as well, around here, and they get it into a nice position, and you're thinking, "Where the…? No, I don't think it's supposed to go around that...!" In the end, you just trust them, you trust them. They could havetheir fingers in your nostrils, one foot on the back of your underpants, and they're pushing your spine away with a broom.

"Well, what's this one about?"

"I have no idea."

( sings fanfare ) "Wherever he falls, there shall he be buried."

Also, if you're in a restaurant and you're choking to death, you can say the magic words, "Heimlich maneuver." If you're just coughing and got some, you say, "Heimlich maneuver," and all will be well. The trouble is, it's very difficult to say "Heimlich maneuver" when you're choking to death. Yeah.

( mumbling and coughing )

"Your hymen’s been removed?"

"No no. ( more mumbling and coughing )

"You need it removed? Right…"

I don't know how you remove a hymen... But yeah. No, Heimlich maneuver,developed by Dr. Heimlich who woke up one night, obviously, and went,

"A fist, a hand, hoocha hoocha hoocha... lobster! Yes, Hilda! Hilda! Wake up, Hilda!"

"Oh, what is it, Dr. Heimlich?"

"Why are you calling me Dr. Heimlich? I'm you're husband, for fuck's sake! Loosen up, don't be so bloody Prussian."

"Well, what is it, Günther?"

"I have invented a maneuver!"

"What are you, a bloody tank commander now?"

"No! My name is going to be famous in restaurants!"

I don't think he actually did it that way. I don't think it was ( snaps fingers ) a wing and a prayer, I think he must have experimented. He was German, organized.

( German accent ) "Ok, Hans, I want you to swallow this golf ball..."

( choking and coughing ) “I cannot breath."

“I know you cannot breath. I will now make you breath with the cunning use of..." ( muffled shot)

“I still cannot breath."

"Ok, maybe not, maybe this will… ( muffled shot )

“Jesus fucking Christ!”

"Ok, then maybe with a frying pan..." Pow!

( Hans coughing throughout, as Dr Heimlich smacks him )

"Must be a combination. No, ok… "

"Ok, two frying pans… Frying pan in the bollocks… Bollocks stop…

"Frying pan…"

( Hans collapses to thefloor )

"Oh, he's dead."

Other doctors are going,

"How's it coming along, Dr. Heimlich?"

"Well, not very well at the moment. It's not really a maneuver at the moment. It's more of a gesture."

As the National Rifle Association says, it's not guns that kill people - it's maneuvers.

I'm a film nut as well,complete nut on films. I used to break into film studios; there's a studio called Pinewood Studios near London, and I broke in there when I was 15. And I crept around, creeping, creeping, and hoping that some guy with a big cigar might go,

"Hey! A creeping kid! For my film, 'The Creeping Kid!' You, you're in!"

"Ah, me? Uh, yeah..."

But no, it didn't happen! They were filming tall, angular...veterinarians that day... I didn't have my bag… And my hand up a horse's... anyway. So yes! But we've got known in Britain for making the smaller films, you know. Recently, we've been pulling out of that into the more “Trainspotting” area, but the smaller films, they're kind of “a room with a view with a staircase and a pond”-type movies. Films with very fine acting, but the drama is rather sort of subsued and - subsumed or - a word like that. Sub- something or another. You know, just folded in and everything's people opening doors.

"Oh, I'm - oh, what? Well, I’ve - oh."

"What is it, Sebastian? I'm arranging matches."

"Well, I - I thought you - ... I'd better go."

"Yes, I think you'd better had." ( sings morose melody )

And you can't eat popcorn to that! You're going ( mimes trying to eat popcorn but getting frustratedand sighs ).

Whereas if the film did any little bit of business in America, if the film did some decent bit of business, then Hollywood would take it, and they'd remake it, and they'd up the budget by 50 million and it'd be called, “The Room With A View of Hell!” “Staircase of Satan!” “Pond of Death.” And have people open the door, going,

"You're fucking in here all the time! All the time you're in here with the fucking matches! In here with the fucking matches! You're fucking doing and fucking ( clucking )"

"You don't talk to me that way! You don't talk to me that way! You fuck my wife? You fuck my wife? You fuck my wife? You fuck my wife? You fuck my wife?"

"I am your wife!"

"That doesn't matter! That doesn't matter! I say again, you fuck my wife?"

"All right, yes, I fucked your wife. I am your wife, and I fucked her."

" ( Nonsensical ) fucking matches - I can't get 'em... I'm going to drive around town and put babies on spikes."

( sounds of babies sliding on the spikes )

“Oh, no! Space monkeys are attacking!” A whole new part of the film that wasn't in the original! ( mimics battle sounds )

"Damn, its jammed!" ( dialing on mobile ) “Janine, I love you really, even though you fucked my wife..." ( big explosion )

( mimics eating and drinking everything in sight while watching ) "It’s a fucking handbag. With a brick in it! It's the Queen! Don't know who that is...” Yeah.

We play bad guys in Hollywood movies because of the Revolutionary War. Yes, there’s no two ways about it. And the French, who were on your side in the Revolutionary war, they play more esoteric characters. They have characters who turn up and go,

"My name is Pierre! I come from Paris. I’ve come to have sex with your family."

"Help yourself... because of the debt of honor to General Lafayette."

You know your own history, right? You don't know who he is, do you?! What was it? The Spanish-American War? The French Banana War? What? The Revolutionary War! Hung out with Washington. Lafayette. Street named after him in New York. Forget it!

But we play bad guys, like take “The Empire Strikes Back,” from the “Star Wars trilogy.” The Death Star! The Death Star… just full of British actors opening doors and going,

"Oh, I'm - oh, oh..."

"What is it, Lieutenant Sebastian?"

"It's just the Rebels, sir. They're here."

"My God, man! Do they want tea?"

"No, I think they're after something more than that, sir. I don't know what it is, but they've brought a flag." ( cracks up )

"Damn, that's dash cunning of them! Ah, Lord Vader!"

( heavy breathing and in a deep voice ) “Uh, hello."( cracks up again )

‘Cause he was only impressive ‘cause he had that James Earl Jones voice. ( deep voice )”I am Vader. The Force is strong with you." If he had a much more,

( camp Cockney accent ) “Hello. Look, I'm Lord Vader and just pay a-bloody-ttention, all right? Luke, Luke, the Force is strong with you."

"Is it?"

"Yeah."

"Well, who told you that?"

"Some bloke! Yeah, he said the Force was really rather strong with you."

"Well, how strong?"

"Uh, as strong as a small pony."

"Oooh, that's quite strong, that is."

The film would never have fucking worked, would it?

“The Great Escape,” now there’s a film. A lot of British actors, I’m British, so link up there. Steve McQueen, action hero; action transvestite, linkup there. The story is based on a true story about 76 British prisoners, I think, who escaped from the prisoner of war camp in Silesia, in Poland. They’re all experts at escaping; they’ve escaped from lots of other prisons, and they’re all put together, so they say, “Hey, let’s work together.”

Steve McQueen plays the American guy who is dropped into British films in order to make them sell… in America, that is, because you’d go, “Oh, I’m not gonna see it, it’s full of British guys, and what the fuck do I know about British things?”

I was in… where was I? I did a gig in Memphis, and this guy came up to me, and it was fucking weird. This guy had two kids, and he said, “You British?” I went, “Yeah,” but wanted to go, “No, I’m from Mars, actually.” “You British?” “Yeah” And he said, “Hey, kids! Jimmy Sue, Bobby Will, Fishy Bob!” No, he said, “Talk British to my kids!” I said, “No, I’m not gonna talk British to your kids, you don’t talk… it’s English! ‘ello?” And the kids were, ( shaky accent ) “No, Dad, we wanna go see…” ( Slow, slurry ) “No, Dad, we wanna go see the man emasculating a donkey over there.” “Talk British to my kids! Talk, or I’ll get my arsenal of weapons out!” So that was fun.

So yes, “The Great Escape,” yes. It’s all true, and Steve McQueen is there to make it sell, and he’s cool, I’m totally into him, I’m a very big fan of Steve McQueen – “Bullitt.” Fog… no fucking fog in “Bullitt,” does it? That film, “The Rock,” when they’re all out in Alcatraz, they go,

“We can’t send this nuclear weapon to San Francisco, we can’t fucking find it! It’s covered in fog!

“All right, we’ll have to get Oakland, then.”

( people stirring ) Oh, fight, fight, fight! ( in sing-song ) Oakland, San Francisco, Oakland, East Bay! You’re not called West Bay, are you? No, you’re just( mockingly )“The City.”
“Are you going to “The City” today?

“I might go to “The City.”

And Oakland is just a collection of houses, is it?

So… so yes, “The Great Escape.” In “The Great Escape,” they say,

“Look, we’re gonna do the biggest escape in the history of people escaping from things they shouldn’t.“

“Fantastic.”

And Steve isn’t really a part of this, he’s just hanging out, playing baseball, runs with the van, does an escape, gets caught, covered in mud, and stuff like that; but the British are working away, they’re digging three tunnels – Charley, Barley and Farley. No, four tunnels, Charley, Barley, Farley and Wally; no, five tunnels, Charley, Barley, Farley and Wally… Nobody expects the Spanish tunnel king!

And they’re digging away, and there’s people in charge of shoveling it up, people putting breathing apparatus in, putting things on trolleys, lighting apparatus; people disguising the entrance of the tunnel so it looks like a kibbutz or something; people saying, “I’ve turned my uniform inside out, turned up my collar, I’ve turned my buttocks into a hat, and I now look like a German officer… but I have no buttocks.”

“Jawol, mein Herr. So habe ich linge wenige. Locherbekommen.”

“Well done, Simpkins. That’s a line from Monty Python, isn’t it?”

Donald Pleasance is doing forgeries on bits of tin can with a bit of jam. Clang! And on the day of the escape, they’re all there, and Steve McQueen has joined up in the escape, and the British have trilby hats on, overcoats, canoe, a bit of a rabbit… And Steve’s just there in jeans and a T-shirt, disguised as an American man! He romps out, jumps in a motorbike, knocks a guy off, and within 15 minutes, he’s in the borders of Switzerland. This is from Poland! And if you don’t know the geography, it goes Poland, Czechoslovakia, Holland, Venezuela, Africa, the Hanging Gardens of Babylon… and then Switzerland, where the Nazi gold comes from. ( imitates people muttering about Nazi gold ) I love the way you do that! Whenever I say something slightly weird, you all mutter. “I’m catching the ferry right now!”

Anyway, so yes, so Steve’s just damn cool, he jumps on the motorbike, and as soon as he gets on, the music cuts to ( sings action film theme ). The British are all down at the train station. “Can’t we do a motorbike? Damn!”

“Yes, a train ticket to… Ich möchte einen ticket to nach… London. No, not London! Calais! That’s nice and Nazi, isn’t it?”

“Ihre Pässe, bitte.”

“My passport? All right.” ( clangs )

( clanging continues ) “It’s a bit clangy and a bit jammy…”

“Yes, I’m from the steel and jam area of Stuttgart.”

The British are getting hassled, and Steve is away, and he gets to Switzerland. Remember, Jim Rockford nicks an airplane in that film, and he flies to Switzerland, and he gets about 20 miles away from it in an airplane! Steve is on a fucking motorbike and he gets there! Before him! What’s he got in the fucking motorbike, jet wings? I dunno!

So yeah, all the British are getting hassled, the Gestapo are after them, people are on rowing boats, some on bicycles, one on a rabbit, in a kangaroo, you know, in pogo stick. Steve’s motor biking away… Steve’s over the first line of bared wire, “Go, Steve, go!” Into the second line of barbed wire… Nearly makes it, doesn’t quite, but lives to tell the tale.

Meanwhile, the British are all rounded up and shot in the head! Now what signals is this giving to kids from the different countries, Britain and America? American kids watching Steve, saying, ( shaky accent ) “Steve, you’re damn cool! Yeah, I’m fucking with you, man, all the way! Absolutely! Lived to tell the tale, good on you!” You know? I don’t know why he’s Australian, but anyway… “Absolutely. G’day.” But we’re just watching it and thinking, “We’re fucked! All that planning, the logistics, everything, and we get fucking blown away.” Chip on my- fish and chips on my shoulder.

And Engelbert Humperdinck! Yes, he was the man. That's not his real name; he's from Britain, but that's not his name. There's very few Humperdincks in Britain. He was born Gerry Dorsey, not Engelbert Humperdinck. His parents were not Mr. and Mrs. Humperdinck. They never said,

"What shall we call our son so he does not get the shit kicked out of him at school?"

“We shall call him Engelbert!"

"Good, that'll work!"

No, his name was Gerry Dorsey, and he released songs as Gerry Dorsey, songs such as ( mumbles )which didn't work ‘cause nobody could hear what he was saying. And then his managers, obviously, said, "We're going to change your name, Gerry! It's the name that's the problem." And his name changed from Gerry Dorsey to Engelbert Humperdinck. I mean, I just wanted to be in the room when they were working that one through.

"Zingelbert Bembledack! Yingybert Dambleban! Zangelbert Bingledack! Wingelbert Humptyback! Slut Bunwalla!"

"What?!"

"All right, Kringelbert Fishtybuns! Steviebuns Bottrittrundle..."

"No, Gerry Dorsey, I like Gerry Dorsey!"

"No, we can't do it... Who we got? Zingelbert Bembledack, Tringelbert Wangledack, Slut Bunwalla, Klingybun Fistelvase, Dindlebert Zindledack, Gerry Dorsey, Engelbert Humptyback, Zengelbert Bingledack, Engelbert Humperdinck, Vingelbert Wingledanck…"

"No, no, go back one. Go back one. "Engelbert Humperdinck." That's it."

And it worked! But he's dead now, you hear that? Yeah, today, on CNN. I heard it as I was just coming out. Very weird, ‘cause Frank Sinatra was just recently as well, wasn't it? Yeah. Hmm. No, this is what I heard on the telly when I coming out. ( inhales deeply and exhales ) It's not true, heh. ( exhales ) No, it is true. Yeah, he was L.A. Something happened. He was in L.A., and that's all I caught… it was just before I came out. So, yeah. ( exhales ) No, it is true. No, he was in a car in L.A. driving along and something hit him or something like that. ( about 25 seconds of pauses and audience laughter, as Eddie nods and denies the truth of this statement ) No no, no, he's all right, he's all right! He's fine! He's cooking, he's jumping, he's doing his thing in L.A. - he's absolutely fine. How do I know? I don't know, I don't know! I think he's got a cold, that's what they said. No, a tan, that's it!

But back in the 60s, though, back in the 60s, President Kennedy became the President of the United States of America, and he we went to Berlin, stood on the Berlin wall and he said, "People of Berlin..." ( hearty American )”People of Berlin." I can't do an impression of President Kennedy, so this is... "People of Berlin. Amy dumped…" No, James Mason playing him... ( imitates Mason ) “ People of Berlin, I have come to you to tell you something about the American states. I sound a bit like God, don't I? Yes. But I have come to say to you that every free citizen of the world is a citizen of Berlin. And I wish to say to you, 'Ich bin ein Berliner.' " And the crowd went fucking wild!

Trouble is, "Ich bin ein Berliner" means "I am a donut," and... This is true, and this is what he said, he said "I am a donut!" And, as I say, 70% of how you look, 20% of how you sound, only 10% is what you say. He said "I am a donut" and they went wild! Because "Ich bin Berliner" is "I am a Berliner." But "Ich bin ein Berliner," is - that's the name of a donut they have there. And it's like going to Frankfurt:

"I am a Frankfurter!"

"Yeah, we've heard about that one, Jackie."

Hamburg - "I am a Hamburger, too!" Lucky he didn't do a tour of Germany, eh? "I am a Hamburger, a Frankfurter, and a donut." But the people in Berlin must've gone,

"What did he say?"

"He said he was a donut!"

"I thought he said he was a donut too!"

"So what does that mean?"

"It's a slang! It's American! He's a donut! He's a fucking donut. Fucking donut, a fucking donut, a fucking donut. He's a fucking donut. I think that's what it must mean.”

“What do you think, Dr. Heimlich?"

"Huh? ( coughing throughout ) I don't…I don't know, I have swallowed a football and I can'tget it out. Can you perform my maneuver on me, the me maneuver?"

"Huh?"

"Hilda, Hilda, get me a map of everything."

He also made a speech about space. President Kennedy said, "By the end of this decade, I have decided to put a man on the surface of the Moon." At the same time, our Prime Minister in Britain, Sir Dingly Dang... You don't know anyway, do you? You have no idea! It was Sir Fritz Bunwalla. Engelbert Slaptyback, who was Prime Minister at the time, and he stood up and he said, "By the end of this decade, I have decided to put a man on the surface of the Earth!" And so he did. But it was kinda weird, ’cause we couldn't do the space race. We had no money, you know, rationing didn't stop 'til the year 2001! I still haven't even lived that long. But anyway,we just didn't have any money. So you were getting space rockets, testing them, sending a cat, dog, a fish, a monkey up into space. The fish was interesting! We didn't have enough money to put a man in a track suit up a ladder! I mean, I would've been there,

"Go man, go!" "

I'm going, I'm going! 'Ang on!"

"Just hang on to the ladder!"

"Hello, Swindon, I am here. Swindon, can you hear me?"

"Swindon here, we are monitoring you on our instruments at the moment, we've got you on a tuba.” “There should be a bigger laugh for that joke, I think."

"Yeah, I can't quite understand it; I thought it was really funny. Swindon, a knackered, kind of Fresno town."

"They don't seem to be going for it.”

“They're obviously bastards."

"Anyway,Swindon, I'm nearly at the Moon… actually, that's a bit of an understatement, that one.

Have you got another big ladder, another bit of ladder? I don't think we're quite at the Moon yet, but I can see right over the top of the houses! Fantastic!"

But they went to the Moon, Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin,and Michael Collins, going round and round, working out the IRA thing. And Neil stepped on the Moon and said, "One small step for man, a giant leap for mankind." Good line but not his line, I don't think… it didn't feel like his line, you know? I bet that was just given to him and he was coming down the steps going, "Small step for man, a giant leap for mankind. Small step for man, a giant leap for mankind. Don't get it wrong, Neil. Don't fuck it up. Here we go. I'm a small man with a giant big - shit!... One man, small giant, two...two mens... What was it?" ‘Cause you gotta say something, you can't go down to the Moon and go, "Oh, it's all sticky! It's covered in jam!" You can't land on the Moon and go, "Fucking ‘ell, I've been in that spacecraft ( stretching noises ) Right, I need a piss." You can't land on the Moon and wind down the window and go, "Is this - Sea of Tranquility? Sea of Tranquility? Is this Sea of Tranquility? Sea of Tranquility? There's no one around!” But he had a sense of humor so he should have used it, ‘cause there was that lunar module there – a fixed camera, just fixed, not panning left or right, just stationary. So he could've been there saying, "Hi, people on the Moon. As you can see, the Sea of Tranquility here, there's the mountains in the distance, there's the Earth! There, you're looking back up at yourselves there. Over to my right, I can see a fucking monster! There's a monster behind me! ( screaming ) Oh no, help! Get off my leg!" Buzz Aldrin in a monster outfit ( growling ) Neil doing a close-up with… "He's got me, Houston. The monster's got me! He wants cash! He's got my hand up behind my back. I think he knows jiu-jitsu! He wants cash for the release of my life. Send a million… - two million dollars, leave it in a bag by the Sea of Tranquility. I don't know, the North Shore! What the fucking ‘ell...?" Oh, it would have worked, wouldn't it?

But they went to the Moon and they brought back rock. They brought back rock! Trouble is, we’ve got rock. That was the one thing we didn’t need, wasn’t it?

“Rock, Neil? I don’t know whether you looked at the planet before you took off, but it’s made of fucking rock!”

“But it’s Moon rock…”

“Oh, fucking hell! This is Earth rock, Neil, come on! ( mocking ) Earth rock with special minerals. It’s rock, isn’t it? Have you heard? On the stock market, rock’s gone up three points! No, it hasn’t, has it? ‘Cause it’s fucking rock! We wanted diamonds, or sherbet or a squirrel with a gun!”

So they went to the Moon and they found rock. They’ve found ice as well recently, so it’s rocks and ice. What an exciting planet! Obviously a party planet. And they went to mars and found more rock, but it’s red this time, so… We’ve got the most boring solar system I’ve ever heard of…! And I’ve never heard of any!

And no monsters, either! Not one fucking monster has turned up in the history of looking. ‘Cause we’ve been ready for monsters, we’ve been waiting for them for so long! Pictures of monsters, stories of monsters, documentaries of monsters, films, programs, television things- not one fucking monster! Nothing, not even a squirrel with a flute has turned up. ( sings jaunty flute tune )

“Monster! Very small monster!”

“Get the flute off him, that’s where he gets his power!”

I think the world needs monsters, I think we need them because we’ve got this thing of… Humans are very good with a little bit of adversity, not too much, but enough. It’s like in the Cold War- World War II is better, the Cold War was just a negative thing. World War II had everyone pulling together against something, and there was some positive stuff that came out of it. Now that the Cold War is gone, everything is loose and free. Everyone’s a bit obsessed with upstairs,have you noticed? All the films lately, “The X Files,” “Independence Day,” “Armageddon,” “Deep Impact,” “Deep Throat…” All these things. We’re all looking upstairs now.

And in America, terrorism is starting to happen. You know, the Oklahoma City bombing, which everyone was sure was some Islamic fundamentalist thing, and you found out it was some white guys from nearby. That must have freaked you out something rotten! “These guys from around the corner? They look like us! Oh, fuck!” Yeah, bit of a weird one.

And the Aryan supremacists have come around with their ideas of “get some chemical weapons and kill people.” And you say,

“What’s the plan? What does that achieve?”

“Nothing, really.”

And it won’t work – Aryan supremacists, white supremacists, black supremacists, blue supremacists- especially the blue supremacists, they’ll never work, because if you get the same people from the same genetic group to all intermarry, hello? Cousins marrying, hello?? IQ down the toilet! Hitler was trying this’ first generation of Nazis would have been, “Sieg Heil!” Second generation, “Sieg Heil…” Third generation, “Er… Sieg… er… I’ve no idea.”

The FBI picked up a guy who was trying to access anthrax through the mail. Who the fuck do you write to for anthrax?! Is there a big desk, with people going, “More requests for anthrax? Thank you, Jeff.”

( mimes typing ) “Dear Mrs. Stevens, thank you for your request for anthrax, one of the most dangerous chemical weapons known to humankind. We have pleasure in rushing you three buckets of anthrax for your own personal use only…” But this guy was doing it fraudulently, he must have been a bit cunning. ( mimes typing again ) “Dear Sir, my name is Daisy, I am a cow. I wish to take my own life, so please send me three buckets of anthrax, as anthrax is designed to kill cattle and I want to end it all right now. P.S.: I cannot shoot myself as I have no opposable thumbs.”

Pedigree dogs and mongrel dogs are proof of this experiment. Pedigree dogs are all inbred, you take the grandmother and the great-nephew,( mimes forcing copulation ) “There you go…” And they’re all next to each other in the genetic pool, so they look kinda good, but they just go, “Er… woof…”

“And what do you think about the latest doggie situation?”

“Er… w-woof… I like meeting other dogs.”

Whereas the mongrel dog with a black patch over a white face, furry on top and sleek down below because a lion shagged a whippet… that’s the one! That’s the one that goes on and nicks your credit cards and drives to the Bahamas!

But I'm going to finish up today by talking about puberty! Which is a, kind of spiky subject, but it's interesting, because there's things like these kids that started shooting people, which you've had in America. Because guns don't kill people, it's just that certain noise they make. It's just a bullet ripping through peoples' bodies. That's what kills people! Yeah, have guns but don't allow any ammunition. There! We got it! We got it sorted! And they just go ( mimes throwing gun in frustration ) So, yeah.

But puberty was… well, before puberty, at school, I didn't tell kids I was a transvestite ‘cause I thought they might kill me with sticks, you know?

"Why?"

"I don't know, he said a word we didn't understand. And he won at Scrabble with it."

So, yes. So most transvestites fancy girls, and you can tell people this.

"Yes, most transvestites fancy girls."

"Well who told you that?"

"A transvestite told me that!"

"Probably lives in a cave somewhere."

"No, an executive transvestite did!”

"Oh, really? Well… fantastico."

So, yeah. So I played kiss-chase with the girls - tag a girl, she has to kiss you, kinda sexy. But then puberty came! Puberty came and destroyed my confidence, destroyed my everything! Which, I think, is part of the thing that causes these kids to go off and commit murder, essentially, ‘cause it is such a hell of a gear change. Think about it! ‘Cause before puberty, girls and boys are going, "Girls! ( disgusted noise )!" "Boys! ( disgusted noise )" Then it gets to puberty, and instead they're going, "Girls! Oh…" or, you know, "Boys, boys," whatever sexual preference you're going, but you just start switching on, sort of… ( interested noises ). And you think, "God, I want to get off with some of these people, I better look my best." And then Mother Nature says, "No, you will look the worst you've ever looked in your life!" ( raspberry mimicking explosion ) "Hold on, where did I get all this from? Jesus! It's ( disgusted noises ). We repulse ourselves! I mean, I usedto look in the mirror and go, "Well, I'm not going to shag me, that's for certain!" ‘Cause that's what narcissism is all about, is looking in the mirror and going, "God, I'd like to have sex with myself!" You know? It's all sort of self-attraction thing. And then, when you're at the acne thing, you just go, "Uh-uh, no way!"

And parents should tell you the facts of puberty! "Look, your hair's going to go greasy, your face will become a general plague area... Here's a book on the Black Death... Tufts of hair will grow on your chin, not in a sexy stubble way, but in a continuing plague theme. Down here, I'm not going to even talk about that! But here's a picture of your Uncle Jim... ( getting scared and turning picture around alternately ) Sorry, it’s the other way up... No, that's your aunt, sorry... That's Queen Victoria." And it's over months and years, isn't it. Puberty's over months and years. It should be one day, get the fucker over with! Go into school, ( squeakily ) “Sorry I'm late, I don't know why I was late." By the time you get home, ( gruffly ) "Right, I'm going home to get a job with a drill." And that one day at school will be, ( swinging from high to low ) "Sorry, I don'tknow the answer to that question, I don't... 'Scuse me, can I be excused? I seem to have the plague..."

And then I had to chat up girls and I had never used my vocal ability to chat up girls, and when your voice is breaking it's very hard! It's going, ( silkily ) "Why, Susan, I really kind of ( squeakily ) fancy you. ( low voice ) I saw you in the ( squeaky ) playground." I had to chat up girls and I'd only tagged them before and I didn't have the verbal power to be able to say, "Susan, I saw you in the classroom today. As the sun came from behind the clouds, a burst of brilliant light caught your hair, it was haloed in front of me. You turned, your eyes flashed fire into my soul, I immediately read the words of Dostoyevsky and Karl Marx, and in the words of Albert Schweitzer, 'I fancy you.' " But no. At 13, you're just going, " 'ello, Sue. I've got legs. Do you like bread? I've got a French loaf. ( smacking sound ) Bye! I love you!"

So it was all not working very well. And later on, when we become more mature, we have that line, where if you're talking to someone, getting on well, you can say that great line, "Do you want a cup of coffee?" And if they go, "Ah… yeah, okay," then sex is on, yeah? That's the unwritten rule. Doesn't always work. If the President of Burundi says, "Would you like a cup of coffee," you're not supposed to go, "Oh, I'm in here!"

"And how do you take it?"

"Anywhere I can find it big boy! Oh, just a cup of coffee? All right... I thought you meant 'Do you want a cup of coffee!' So you're from Burundi, are you? Fantastic! Yeah! No, I know, it's near Zaire, isn't it? Near Tanzania, yeah. Yeah. No, I learned them all when I had chicken pox. I have to go now, ‘cause my grandmother's on fire..."

But normally it does work as long as you keep the chat sexy. "Yes, I like my coffee hot and strong. Like I like my women! Hot and strong... With a spoon in them. Ah, the curve of the spoon, the curve of your breast! I like to run the spoon ( talking with the tongue sticking out ) across my lips..." Then you're pretty close, yeah?

And I was a very driven Boy Scout. Very driven Boy Scout! Driven everywhere I was, and... ( chuckles ) This is such a crap joke! Other nights I've never even said it ‘cause I thought, "It’s so crap..." I'm just laughing that you laughed. Anyway. But I was a driven Boy Scout. No, I was actually just driven. You know, I was just a… forget this. Anyway, so... Yeah, I had all the badges! I had all the badges, I had my sort of “Landing on the Moon” badge! You know, advanced badges. My “Nuclear Fusion” badge, and my “Menachem Beguin Disguise Kit” badge, which was great, and so I was a top scout! I was a chief scout, had my own tribe and everything, and me and this other guy who was a chief scout, we went on an outing as sort of chaperones for these girls who were slightly younger than us. So it was 10 girls, two boys - pretty good odds for a shy kid. We went to an activity center, where you climb a tree and eat a sausage and it's kind of… It builds your character so you know about sausages. And we end up in a swimming pool, and I'm doing splashy splashy with this girl I really fancy. And she's doing splashy splashy back and I'm going, "Fucking ‘ell, splashy back!" You know, ‘cause splashy splashy is the aquatic equivalent of "Do you want a cup of coffee?" Right? So splashy splashy's going well and I suddenly think, “I know! I'll turn around, I'll do swimmy swimmy, and then maybe she'll do swimmy swimmy too in a kind of chase me-chase me way and then we'd do catchy catchy and underwater sexy sexy!” But I was so elated that splashy splashy was actually working that I just swam like a boy chased by sharky-sharky! I swam, and I swam and I swam, and I was in Egypt when they caught up to me! And that's a long way from England. ‘cause it goes England, Venezuela, Beirut, Africa, Cincinnati, Hanging Gardens of Babylon... It's near Switzerland. So, yeah, it was just… it wasn't working.

And I was saving my virginity! You know, it's cool to lose your virginity at 13. Yeah, say, "Yeah, I was 13, she was 25, you know... Yeah... I was an animal! What can I say?" But I was saving my virginity for a woman made out of breasts! And I was getting on! I was 18 and they were going,

"Have you done it? Have you done it yet?"

"Uh, I'm not from your country."

Go on to college, you know, still nothing, and I thought, "Stop saving yourself for some imaginary person who just isn't there! Just lose your virginity! Just find anyone, anyone, as long as they've got a pulse. Or not! Pulse optional!" And I was 21 before I lost my virginity. 21! That's not cool at all, is it? But then I tell everyone about it, so that's quite cool. And I've done it since then.( counts with his fingers )

But the weirdest thing of all was I actually lost my virginity a year before I lost my virginity. Yeah … weird! A year before, when I was 20, I actually had a night of whey-hey-hey-hey! So the next morning it was one of those post-virginity breakfasts, I was thinking, you know. "Hey, just sit there. ( singing ) Breakfast cereal, bacon and eggs. Bit of coffee bubbling away. Freshly squeezed mango juice!" She's going, "You're very chipper this morning." I'm going,

"Yeah, yeah, fucking ‘ell! Yeah! ‘cause last night, ( chuckles, then sings ) lost my virginity!"

"Oh yeah, with who?"

( moving head from left to right ) I did this for an hour, and I was going, "With you! With you! What the fuck ( clucks incoherently ) What the fuck was last night all about?!" You know, and she said, "No!" And we had this conversation, and the words ejaculation came into the conversation, and the world 'premature' as well. And I came back with, "No, ejaculation - mature, mature ejaculation. Not premature, post-mature, veteran ejaculation! Wise, learned man ejaculation! Mature man who does the washing up-type ejaculation..." But she said, "No!" She vetoed it! She was China in the United Nations Security Council… in the United Nations Security Council Of My Virginity. And so it just didn't work! It was… fucked me off, I tell you. But she's dead now, so... No, she isn't... No, she was in L.A., in a car, with Engelbert Humperdinck, and...

So that's the end of my show, and I do like to end the show with a kind of "Oh" feeling, and I think I've done that quite well. But thank you very much for being here. I hope you've enjoyed it. Yeah... N

( Eddie comes back and plays with a clapping audience for about 30 seconds )

What?

Now I just wanna talk quickly about language, and then we can all go. Yeah, language. They do say Britain and America are two countries separated by the Atlantic Ocean, and it’s true. No, they say, “two countries separated by a common language,” that’s the line; it’s an Oscar Wilde line, I think. And we do pronounce things in a different way, like you say “caterpillar” and we say “caterpillar,” and… You say “aluminum” and we say “aluminium.” You say, “centrifugal” and we say “centrifugal.” You say, “leisure” and we say “lizuray.” You say “baysil” and we say “bahsil.” You say “’erbs” and we say “herbs,” because there’s a fucking “H” in it… But you spell through THRU, and I’m with you on that, ‘cause we spell it “THRUFF,” and that’s trying to cheat at Scrabble.

“How can we get that “OU” sound?”

“Well, a “U” will work,”

“What about an “O” as well?”

“We don’t need it, we’re fine.”

“No, I think an “O” in.”

“Well, all right.”

“And a “G” as well.”

“What?!”

“Yes, a “G” would be good. We need a silent “G” in the background, in case of any accidents or something.”

“Well, all right.”

“And an “H” as well.”

“Fucking ‘ell! Hang on.”

“An “H” in case some herbs come along.”

“All right…”

“And a Q, and a P, and a Z… Look it’s a word in Scrabble that’s 480 points!”

So yes, and we do have slight differences in that arena, but in Europe we have 200 languages. 200 languages! Just count them, I know you won’t! And future generations of Europeans – I’m sorry, Europeans, but we’re gonna have to be bilingual; we’re gonna have to be, and English speakers hate this!

“Two languages in one head? No one can live at that speed! Good Lord, man! You’re asking the impossible!”

“But the Dutch speak four languages and smoke marijuana…”

“Yes, but they’re cheating! Everyone knows marijuana is a drug enhancement that can help you on track and field to come last in a team of 8 million other runners… who are all dead.”

I don’t know how the Dutch do it, but anyway, we’re gonna have to learn, and the reason for doing it is, one, for being groovy and just getting out there and doing it, but the second is we just lose a lot of business in the rest of Europe, ‘cause German people phone up…

“Wir haben fünf millionen Deutschmark…”

“Just fuck off, will you, mate?” ( hangs up )

“He was speaking German, I told him to go away, I told him to fuck off..! I don’t know, something about fünf million in Deutschmarks. I told him to get knotted! We don’t want any of his deutschy markys… We do? We do want that? Oh, I’m terribly sorry! Oh, fuck! Redial…”

So yeah, I’m into this, I’m into this idea; it’s a positive thing, man. I took my last show, “Glorious,” to Paris and I did it in French, and the French people came and stared at me, with that look in their eyes of “quoi?” Because, you know, there’s no standup in France, and they’re not used to English people speaking French, but I was doing it as a positive thing, because we could be the biggest melting pot in the world! 500 million people, all we have to do is melt a bit, just move it around… Fucking move it around! It was partly that and partly to just go, “yeah…” ( mocking sounds ) So I did that.

And I learnt French at school, up to the age of 16, and then I just kept talking it endlessly after that. And at school, the first page I ever learnt in French was full of things that are quite difficult to get into conversation, thinks like “the mouse is underneath the table” – la souris est en dessous la table. Just slip that when you’re buying a ticket to Paris: “Le train à Paris, oui? C’est ici? C’est maintenant? Cinq minutes… la souris est en dessous la table…”

The other line was, “the cat is on the chair” – le chat est sur la chaise – slightly more easy to fit in; and “the monkey is on the branch” – “le singe est sur la branche.” Very difficult to get into a conversation! Not a lot of jungle in France… monkeys thin on the ground… thin in the air… just generally pretty trim!

And yes, so it just wasn’t working. We go to bars and cafés, that’s where we go; we go to bars and cafés, and we sit there and we have chats in the café.

“Oui, j’aime beaucoup le cafê, le cafê noir and très fort; très choud… ( inhales ) avec une cuillère dedans… ( mocking sound ) Ah, le virage de la cuillère; le virage des poitrines… Je mets la cuillère dans la bouche…”

“Je suis le Président de Burundi!”

Ah, oui, Burundi! Je le connais bien! C’est tout près de Zaire, oui? Tout près de Mozambique… No, Tanzanie, Tanzanie! ( chuckles falsely ) Oui, je les ai appris quand j’ai les pox de poulet. Je dois part maintenant parce que ma grandmère est flambèe…”

If you don’t speak French, by the way, all that was fucking funny, all right? We go and get hotel rooms for the night:

 “Vous avez une chambre, monsieur?”

“Oui, nous avons les chambres, nous sommes un hôtel!”

“OK, je voudrais une chambre avec un grand lit…” – a large bed – “avec une vue de la mer…” – a view of the sea – “avec une douche… with a spider.”

“Oui, monsieur… c’est chambre 42, monsieur.” “42? Merci beaucoup. Mais, la souris est en dessous la table, le chat est sur la chaise et le singe est sur la branche.”

“Quois?”

“Il y a un singe sur la branche? Le chat? La souris?”

“Ou est le singe?”

“Le singe est sur la branche.”

“Est-ce que le singe est dans la chambre?”

In the end, the only way I could get that line into a conversation was I had to go to France with a cat, a mouse, a monkey, a table and a chair, and wander around heavily wooded areas. “Come on, come on! Someone’s coming, someone’s coming! Quick, positions! Les positions, maintenant! Boulot, boulot! Tout de suite! Vas-y! Vas-y!

 “Bonjour!”

“Eh, bonjour. Qu’est-ce qui se passe?”

“Bonjour, je suis Anglais, je suis ici en vacances. C’est très belle ici, les couleurs, les bois, très belle.”

( inhaling ) “Tu est un travesti?”

“Oui, je suis un travesti, mais pas un travesti typical. Je suis un travesti executive… Un travesti d’action!”

“Très bien…”

“Mais, la souris est en dessous la table, le chat est sur la chaise et le singe est… est… le singe est disparu.”

Cause the monkey would fuck off! He’d do his own thing. He was a bloody monkey! He was a cheeky monkey… and he knew my French wasn’t very good, so he’d go off and do things.

“Ah, le singe… maintenant… regarde. Il est sur une bicyclette. Il joue au banjo. Et il fume une pipe. Maintenant, il arrête… Il lit un journal, il a on journal…

Et maintenant il est dans l’autobus! Il conduit l’autobus! Et Sandra Bullock est dans l’autobus! Il y a une bombe dans l’autobus! Il faut conduire l’autobus plus de 50 kilomètres par l’heure. Et Keanu Reeves! Là! Il arrive dans la voiture! Il a pas de cheveuxet Jeff Daniels est déjà mort… Regarde, il se jette dans l’autobus. Et Dennis Hopper, oh! Dennis Hopper, quel méchant!”

That was the film “Speed” in French, which in France was called “La Vitesse!” Or at least it should have been, but in fact it was called “Speed.” Yeah…

So in conclusion, ladies and jelly spoons… America, you have the American Dream, you have the American Dream! We haven’t got the European Dream yet, that’s what we’ve got to get; we’ve got to get a dream to build on. You have the American Dream; the dream is to be born in the gutter, and raise, and grow up and get all the money in the world and stick it in your ears and go ( blows raspberry ) The American Dream! A fantastic dream of money in your ears and swimming through fivers. The American Dream!

In Europe… I don’t know, we haven’t got a dream yet. Well, the dream was… ( mimics sleeping and dreaming ) “Oh… get off, you fuckin’…! Flag. No!” ( wakes up with a gasp )

“Hilda, Hilda, wake up, Hilda!”

“What is it, Dr. Heimlich, you waking-up type person?”

“I’ve dreamed the European Dream. I dreamt that every country in Europe spoke a different language and they hated each other… Oh, that’s true, isn’t it? Yes.”

That was the dream, but now, maybe now, the dream is to be in the South of Europe – to be in Greece, in Italy, in Spain, and to be on a moped with no helmet on, riding along, going, “ciao!”

That’s a pretty cool dream; it’s not much of a dream, but it’s as good as we’vegot so far, and it’s pretty funky, ‘cause when you die… you look a mess, but I don’t know, I just like it. ( mimics riding on a Vespa ) ‘Cause you’re in a fucking hairdryer. There’s dogs walking faster than you! It’s just pretty damn cool for me. That’s the European Dream, thank you very much. Good night.

(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
London!
London!
London. London. There's onIy one London
in the worId eXcept for aII the other ones,
which is reaIIy annoying. CouIdn't there
just be one? Thank you very much.
But we were caIIed Londinium
by the Romans.
And we said, ''No, we're not gonna do that.
''We're gonna change some of the voweIs
at the end and then just put them...
''Because we want the 'ondon' sound.'' And
I think that's what we're most attached to.
When I think of London, I think of the
''ondon,'' the same o-n-o-n bit at the end.
And we have no songs. There's no songs.
WeII, there's one song for London.
But we shouId have a song that...
'Cause there's American songs.
# New York... New York...
Chicago... And Chicago... San Francisco... #
You know.
But we shouId have one
that refIects, I think, London vibrancy
and London fuck-offness.
# London, London
Why don't you all fuck off?
# But come and spend your money
Come around and spend your money
# Have a good time then fuck off
Then come back on Tuesday
# At half past three
'Cause we need some cash just then
# Then fuck off, come back, fuck off,
Come back, fuck off, come back #
(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
I think that's...
(CHEERING STOPS)
That is the CD that's on saIe in my trousers.
It's a standard beginning of any show, that,
aII the way up Shaftesbury Avenue,
eXcept for every other theatre.
(VOCALISING)
Tonight... Tonight I thought I'd taIk about
everything that's ever happened
in the worId.
And the critics... I said this.
Critics said, ''No, you're not.''
''Of course I'm not.''
And they said, ''AII right.''
And I said,
''Why the fuck did you say, 'No'?''
And they went, '''Cause we're critics.''
And then we aII met in a dark aIIeyway
and we sIapped each other.
But... No. 'Cause you peopIe,
you peopIe here tonight,
you are the thinking peopIe. You have to be.
If you're going into theatres,
if you're going into these kind of things...
BiII, BiII BaiIey, most of the theatres.
The musicaIs are sIightIy different. It's not
that they're not thinking, but they're more,
# ''Yeah. There's chickens on the...
Throw them a rope, bring them a banjo
# ''They'll live forever as chickens
with banjos and ropes'' #
You know. And peopIe go, ''Yeah, I Iove
that one, whatever they're taIking about.''
And they aII get married
and have seX in trees.
And they're... There's more of a...
A visceraI ride, emotionaI ride, something.
But this... This, you have to be thinkers.
You have to be thinkers out of the boX
or at Ieast Iid thinkers to come here.
I think you have to be Iid thinkers.
You couId have been dragged and you
might be an in-the-boX thinker going,
''Oh, my God, what's he taIking about?
What's aII this?''
But, yes, out-of-the-boX thinkers
who make up stuff Iike,
''Look, we couId put spoons
and they couId run space.''
And peopIe say, ''What is
that sentence you said there?''
''Okay, the sentence didn't make sense.''
''We couId put spoons... We couId
have spoons and they couId run,
''I don't know, out of the boX.''
And there's Iid thinkers saying,
''WeII, we can see Jeff. He's out of the boX.
''And it's an interesting idea.
''Maybe we'II join him, maybe we'II stay here.''
Then there's in-the-boX thinkers going,
''I've got a Iadder.
''CouId I see the out-of-the-boX thinkers?''
Anyway. So, tonight, tonight we'II taIk
with the use of Wikipedia,
which has taught me so many things
that I didn't know and neither did you.
Wikipedia has pages on everything.
There's aImost nothing...
WeII, there was one thing I Iooked up
and I couIdn't find,
but I can't remember what it is,
so it probabIy doesn't matter.
Everything is in Wikipedia.
Run by Mr and Mrs Wikipedia,
who Iive in a toiIet somewhere.
They have no money, you know.
I have... This is an image I have with...
They do everything with torches,
(MIMICKING FLAME ROARING)
oId-fashioned torches,
which are onIy used in treasure fiIms now.
''Treasure's down here, sir.''
(MIMICKING FLAME ROARING)
''You need one of these.''
''Oh, yeah.''
There's aIways about 1 2 of them.
''One for you. For the kids. For your wife.
(MIMICKING FLAME ROARING)
''Who is that? It's Patrick. Do you want one?
''That's a Zoom ice IoIIy.''
The Zoom ice IoIIy,
the cIosest we in the United Kingdom
have got to the Moon.
I remember Iicking the Zoom ice IoIIies,
aII three coIours, thinking,
''We're aImost there, boys.
We're aImost at the Moon.''
But, no, we were aImost at the ice IoIIy stage
of the Moon Ianding.
And we wouId finish the... And they're stiII...
Are they stiII on saIe?
Can you stiII get the Zoom? Ah!
You see? It was stiII...
It's stiII wishfuI thinkment. WishfuI...
WishfuI thinkment. Wish fuIfiIment.
WishfuI thinking.
WishfuI thinking and wish fuIfiIment
is wishfuI thinkment,
if combined.
It was good, wasn't it? The '70s.
From an ice IoIIy perspective.
(LAUGHING)
Yes, yes, so the Wikipedia peopIe.
And it's stuff on everything.
And you used to have arguments.
How do you make...
How do you make spoons, Jim,
Jack, Kenny, Rogers? Two peopIe.
How do you make them?
And if no one knew, you'd go, ''Ah, fuck it.''
And you wouIdn't go, ''I'II join a Iibrary.
''I'II join a Iibrary and I'II get
a Iibrary card after siX months.
''And then I'II Iook up spoons.''
No, you wouIdn't.
You'd just... You'd just give up then.
But now we've got Wikipedia,
we Iook up spoons.
And you'd probabIy get bored
within three Iines, if you notice.
It goes, ''Spoons were made from...''
Within three Iines, you're going,
''HeIicopters, heIicopters...
''They took over the worId...
Chickens... Chickens drive heIicopters.
''AIIigators...'' You know.
And you can just keep going
untiI you get to one
and you cIick on it and it says,
''There is no page for this person.''
And you think,
''Why did you put them in bIue?''
Don't put them in bIue and have no page.
Just don't put them in bIue.
We have been trained,
Iike PavIov and his dogs.
PavIov wouId train his dogs.
Yes, stiII appIause for Mr PavIov.
What a scientist.
# What a scientist. What a guy
# Make a pavlova with only paws #
''That's a bit of crap.''
''We've got no thumbs.''
Cake miX when I was a kid
was a briIIiant thing.
You'd make a cake for your mum and...
The cake, with a big, wooden spoon.
And then you put that thing aII in the bowI
and they said you couId Iick the spoon.
And you went,
''Oh, my God. This was fantastic.
''Wow, what are we doing with that?
''This is just... This is good. This is ready.''
And then they'd take that, they'd put it
in an oven and it wouId come out Iess good.
It was... Wasn't it?
It's not just me. It was genius before
it went in and it came out, you know,
(EXCLAIMING DESPONDENTLY)
fine, but you have to put more stuff on it
to make it back to this stuff.
Just don't put it in.
And then when I was a student,
I was sitting there...
WeII, it was before... It was after I was a
student. I was unempIoyed for an entire year
and I Iived in IsIington and I watched teIIy.
For a year, IiteraIIy. ReaIIy. SeriousIy.
And I got encycIopaedic on
the AustraIian daytime soap operas.
And I was watching The Sullivans,
which wouId come on about a famiIy
where, ''We're going to go to war soon.''
And that's aII I remember.
And they got on weII, Iots of fighting.
And I made...
I thought, ''I'II make some of this.''
'Cause it just seemed reaIIy cheap. So...
I was estimating margarine, sugar.
And then I just made the whoIe bowI
and sat there watching The Sullivans, eating.
And I died. I actuaIIy...
They had to pump me, you know.
Cake was coming out of my ears.
It makes a cake. Once it's in there,
the juices make a cake.
And you're going, ''Can you... Can you get
it... There's cake coming out of my ears.''
So, that's how I remember it.
I phoned the poIice using the oId phone,
(MIMICKING DIALLING)
which used to take for hours.
Why do they put 999 right at the end of
the diaI? Our emergency services, 999.
''He's dying.'' ''I'm phoning.''
(MIMICKING DIALLING)
''His Ieg has come off.'' ''I'm doing it.
I can't remember how many I've done now.''
(MIMICKING LINE DISCONNECTING)
Why not 1 1 1?
What bright spark didn't go to 1 1 1?
(MIMICS RAPID DIALLING)
''Come, come now. Okay. CooI.'' That's it.
So, Wikipedia. Yes.
On the very seXy computers.
With, Iike, the Macintosh computer.
I have an AppIe Macintosh computer,
very sort of touchy, seXy, feeIy.
And you open it up and...
In the oId days, porn wouId take forever to
downIoad. Do you remember that?
Friends teII me.
Friends who can speII ''porn.''
WeII, it was... That picture wouId come up.
And you go, ''This is cat porn.
This is a picture of a cat.''
The picture's a picture of a cat.
But nowadays you're just tip-tapping away
and a IittIe boX comes up.
''WouId you Iike a software update?''
And you go, ''Yeah.
''Yeah, I'd Iike one of those.''
It's Iike a Iatte thing. ''Yeah, why not?''
And then time becomes a different thing.
Time becomes weird as it downIoads.
Five minutes to downIoad. Four minutes to
downIoad. Three minutes to downIoad.
Nine minutes to downIoad. Two minutes to
downIoad. Seven hours to downIoad.
SiX seconds to downIoad.
A Iight-year to downIoad.
And then it starts asking questions Iike,
''WiII you sign a new agreement
with iTunes?''
And I've signed many agreements
with iTunes.
I don't know what they want
from me any more.
SureIy, they know I agree with them.
I'm just... I'm there, you know?
Why do they keep checking
Iike I'm gonna go away?
''No, I no Ionger agree with you.''
We aII agree. And they've made us Iiars.
You can't say to chiIdren, ''Don't Iie.''
''WeII, you said you've read the terms
and conditions, didn't you?''
No one has read the terms and conditions,
no one in the worId.
No one. Even the Iawyers who wrote it
wrote it Iike this.
It couId say anything in there.
''We wiII take your buttocks and seII them to
the Chinese.'' ''Yes.''
''Set fire to your hedges.'' ''Why not?''
''Put your knee in a sIing.''
''Yeah, gimme the...''
'Cause you're in ''go'' fever at that point.
''Come on, give me the update.''
'Cause it couId be that one update, that one
update that wiII make your Iife compIete.
You know, Iike the WiIIy Wonka goIden
chocoIate thingy with the...
Update, ''Yes.'' And then
seX with everyone and free chickens for Iife.
Whether they want to come or not.
But then it downIoads and you have to do
a reboot thing,
which is, basicaIIy, getting ready to go to
the seaside with your bucket and spade,
the engine on, and your dad says,
''Come on, everyone out of the car.''
''What? Where we going? Where we going?
Where we going?''
''Everyone back in the car.''
''Back in the car? We just got out.''
(MIMICKING ENGINE ROARING)
''What the fuck was that?''
So, yes, and then you update
the whoIe thing and nothing has changed,
which is a bit weird and annoying.
If you have a PC computer, I think it's
a simiIar thing. You press the on button
and then there's a crank.
You have to crank it.
And then they get contact
and they spin the propeIIer and you get in.
(MIMICKING ENGINE THROBBING)
''Come on, the PC's going.''
And then you put on a 78 record.
Move the horn around.
(MIMICKING MUSIC PLAYING)
Caruso sings the update.
# ''Your PC is updated'' #
I've worked out that opera is just being...
If you... If you...
You either Iearn opera or you can just
get a microphone and go...
(MIMICKING OPERA MUSIC)
# I'm going out down here
I don't know what I'm talking about #
It's rich peopIe watching Iarge peopIe
being shaken by smaII peopIe.
(VOCALISING)
And aIso, the words shouId not be cIear.
# 'Cause I'm going to go to the toilet #
That's not opera. Opera is...
# I'm going to go to the toilet
# And I never had a bath in there
# Give him his marching papers
# Send him to the chemist for tea tree oil #
If you got that.
And the women sing crazy. They're so high.
(SINGING IN HIGH-PITCHED TONE)
It's Iike cats outside your window.
(CONTINUES SINGING)
(MIMICKING THUDDING)
''Ow! I'm not a cat. Fucking heII.''
(CONTINUES SINGING)
''Tea tee oiI!''
# I'm going to give you tea tree oil
I'm the chemist #
BIoody tiring this way.
But there are some songs which are faster.
(FAST-PACED VOCALISING)
# Figaro, Figaro
Figaro, Figaro, Figaro, Figaro #
What the fuck did he do?
Did he eat something? What, has he got
a bad Ieg? I know his first name. Continue.
# Figaro, Figaro, Figaro Stevens
# Went to the pub, went to the pub
Figaro Stevens went to the pub
# Went to the pub
and read a French newspaper #
So, I've Iearnt that the worId
is 4,500 miIIion years oId.
If you're very reIigious, then it's not 4,500
miIIion years oId. It's 6,000 years oId.
One of these is not correct.
Using simpIe Iogic here.
Now the science boys, they got anoraks,
they got gIasses, they got Bunsen burners
and petri dishes. I've gotta go with them
because they can bend gIass,
if they heat it up, you know.
And sodium chIoride
and potassium permanganate
makes potassium pomongadonkey.
What was the one that was...
(MIMICKING EXPLOSION)
Was that one. And aII that stuff that we did.
And then, if you're reIigious,
the reIigious boys, they've got a book.
And...
Some...some...some reaIIy interesting stuff
in there, good stories in the book.
I mean, I think a Iot of the peopIe in
there are true.
I think it's oraI history. It's been... Stuff in
there's true and there's sIavery in there.
Hmm.
Maybe crime against humanity there.
In a good, moraI book.
Maybe it shouIdn't be in. Maybe the editor
shouId have put a Iine through
''how to seII your daughter.''
Don't you think one of the popes wouId have
thought, ''We couId... CouId we?
''You know, we're dumping a Iot of these
books. CouIdn't we just cross out
''the sIavery bit
and pretend it never happened?''
They Ieft it in, tiII now. It's stiII there.
It makes me think there isn't a God. I...
'Cause I used to be an agnostic
and now I'm an atheist.
I'm aII for spirituaIity and I think there's
a Iot of reIigious peopIe
who've got a certain something.
And I beIieve in us.
I don't beIieve in God.
I beIieve in us, human beings.
But if God was there...
Thank you, one person.
If God was there, I think the first Iine of
the BibIe shouId be,
''It's round.
''Looks fIat, but it's round. Yeah, it spins.
''It's Iike a big footbaII, but...
Oh, it's very compIicated.
''Imagine you're an ant on a footbaII and
you're spinning, but you can't feeI it.''
Shit, shit, shit.
''Sorry about the sIavery.
CouIdn't get the staff.
''They seemed to Iike it.''
Shit. AII right, forget this bit.
Right. ''In the beginning was the Word.''
Don't you think...
If there was a God, don't you think
he wouId have fIicked HitIer's head off?
Don't you think? You know.
''Oh, I'm not aIIowed to do anything.''
''WeII, fuck off then.''
If you're not aIIowed to do anything
then what's the use?
Just piss off, and stop asking us
to mumbIe things on Sundays.
''PIease, couId you possibIy mumbIe positive
things towards me on a Sunday
''in the coIdest buiIdings you can find?
''PIease, get some of your senior citizens
to wear cakes on their heads.
''And to mumbIe ridicuIousIy
positive things about me.''
No. He shouId have just fIicked HitIer's
head off. HitIer wouId have been going,
''I wiII kiII them.
I wiII tank them. I wiII tear them apart.
''I wiII bomb them. I wiII kiII them.''
That's a hint,
you know, for a bit of intervention, isn't it?
And then he'd just give him a...
(MIMICKING THUDDING)
And the Nazis wouId be going...
(EXCLAIMING)
(LAUGHING)
''What other Ieader can do that?
''Shit. That's not supposed to happen, is it?
''Okay. Let's just go.
''Let's just go.'' And somebody...
It might have happened whiIe someone,
some other Nazi, was in the toiIet
coming out, ''What happened,
''what happened? I heard. I heard a big shout.
''Oh, Iook!
''How does he do that?
Wow, he reaIIy is the Ieader.
''Oh!
''Do you want to come back to my pIace?
We'II have coffee.''
CouId have been the end, but, no,
he didn't do it.
So, yes, 4,500 miIIion years ago
I do beIieve our Earth started
with a ''pIace your bets'' type of
spinning thing.
And then we turn up, human beans,
five miIIion years ago.
Why the big pause, as the man in the pub
said to the bear?
Or why the Iong pause, as the man
in the pub said to the bear?
The bear said, ''I got it stuck in a Iift door.''
I'm not teIIing jokes.
I'm just fucking around with the idea.
It's the pause I'm interested in.
'Cause it is a big one. Have you noticed?
4,500 miIIion years minus five miIIion years
is 4,495 miIIion years of nothing.
WeII, there was stuff. There was...
(MIMICKING ANIMAL NOISES)
I thought dinosaurs ruIed the worId
aII that period, but no.
They were around for 200 miIIion years.
So, we've been five, they've been 200.
And they weren't even ruIing
because if they were ruIing,
on the Steven SpieIberg movies,
we'd see the dinosaurs were going...
(MIMICKING ROARING)
''You can go away.
''You can stay. And you, I Iike you.
And you, I can smeII.
''You smeII of sandwiches.
''You can come, 'cause I... Rumpy-pumpy.
''And Iet's eat him.''
That wouId be dinosaurs ruIing the Earth,
but I noticed from the fiIms that they seem to
just get up in the morning and go...
(ROARING)
With a Iook of...
Not bright as a button, you know.
A few sandwiches short of a picnic.
And they just go around eating
and pooing each other aII day,
for 200 miIIion years!
Come on, that's not a god making that.
If God did that, his chiIdren wouId be crazy.
And I think if he did eXist, he had
many chiIdren. I think Jesus proves this.
Jesus must be the seventh son of God.
A-sus, B-sus, C-sus, D-sus, E-sus,
F-sus, G-sus.
That's just Iogic. That's just mathematicaI.
And Tease-sus wouId
aIways be fucking about.
Pizz-sus does deIivery.
Caes-sus started the Roman Empire. Cae-sus.
F-sus. City in Turkey.
Bee-sus was covered in something.
(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING)
Some peopIe appIauding there,
other peopIe going, ''What?''
''Bee-sus was covered in bees?''
But, yeah. Dinosaurs, dinosaurs,
just wandering around.
No dinosaur poetry. Not cIever.
They weren't going,
''I wandered IoneIy as a cIoud
over hiII and vaIe
''And I saw a smaII... And ate him.
''And then I ate... And then I pooed him out.
And that was nice.
''What a day.''
They didn't go to church.
No dinosaur churches.
Very few dinosaur vicars going, ''WeIcome...''
''Thank you very much.
''HeIIo. Hey.
''EXcuse me.''
''WeIcome to today's service.
We wiII now sing Hymn 409,
''All Things Bright and Beautiful. ''
# All things bright and beautiful
# All creatures great and small #
(GROWLS)
# All things wise and wonderful
# They don't live on the planet
at the moment #
That scene did not happen.
Yeah, so not cIever.
I think most of the dinosaurs were not cIever
from what I can teII.
The raptors do seem quite cIever.
SmaIIer, about our size.
They seem to be abIe to break into rooms.
Work Iocks, do computer stuff,
downIoad raptor porn.
(EXCLAIMING)
And then run away and not pay.
They couId aImost pass for us.
You put a IittIe porkpie hat on a raptor,
and it aImost Iooks Iike a human being.
''Is this your car, sir?'' ''No.''
''Do you reaIise how fast you were going?''
(CHUCKLING)
''I was very busy.''
''You were going a miIIion miIes an hour.''
''Oh, reaIIy? Is that over the...over the thing?''
''Yes. The Iimit is 30 miIes an hour.''
''Oh? That's...awfuI''
''I was very busy.''
''WeII, can you show me your documents?''
(MUMBLING)
''Good afternoon.''
''I can't...''
''It's a raptor! Get me a dustbin Iid!
''It's a fucking raptor! Run! Run!
No, stay, chase him, something.''
The raptors.
And then we turn up. The human beings
of this worId, we turn up 5 miIIion years ago.
And that, I think, is the point
where we started to waIk erect.
And I think it must have been
a graduaI period.
I don't think we couId have just gone...
(EXHALING QUICKLY)
''Oh, this is better.
''I don't know why we didn't
do this a Iong time ago.
''Steve. Jeffrey. Come on, try this.
''I can see cIearIy now. The rain has gone.
''I can see aII Iobsters in my way.''
It reaIIy gets interesting around tooI time.
TooI time is...the Stone Age.
That's when it kicks off. Stone Age.
Before the Stone Age, no stones, no tooIs.
Hunting was bizarre.
''Come on, there's a bison! Come on, Iads!
''WiII you die, sir?
''Die, I teII you! You're in our territory!
I peed and pooed aII round here.
''I marked my territory quite cIearIy.''
(MIMICKING SLAPPING)
(EXCLAIMING)
''WiII you die, sir? CouId you possibIy?
You couId feed a famiIy for nine years.''
(MIMICKING SLAPPING)
''Don't you Iook at me with those big eyes.
Those big cow eyes.''
(MIMICKING SLAPPING)
''This couId take hours!''
(MIMICKING SLAPPING)
''Buggering heII! Come on, where are you?
How can you be Iate? It's the Stone Age!
''There's nothing to be Iate
in the Stone Age for. Bastards.''
(MIMICKING THUDDING)
''Oh. That is much better.
''Did you see that? Did you see that?''
The others come running up.
''I picked up a stone. I hit the bison.
He's just... He's gone. He's dead.''
''This is briIIiant, Jeff.
''This couId be the beginning of an age.''
''WeII, that's what I was thinking.
''ProvisionaIIy, I've entitIed it,
'''The Age of Big Things FaIIing Over 'Cause
They're Hit by SmaII Things
''of a Much Denser MateriaI.'''
''Just 'Stone Age.''' ''Stone Age! Yes.
''You were aIways better than me at that,
weren't you?
''Weren't you, Siegfried?''
We're not sure of the names.
So the Stone Age began. There were
hitting tooIs, there were cutting tooIs.
You couId cut the skin off an animaI
that no Ionger needed it.
(MIMICKING TEARING)
''Are you sure?'' ''Yeah, no probIem.''
''That's very good of you.''
''Thank you so much.
''Hang on. Stuff.
''I'm king. I'm king here now.
(MIMICKING FLY BUZZING)
''I'm king... I'm king of this area.
''I wear the cIoak... The cIoak... The cIoak...
Shut up!''
''I think you're supposed to hang it up
untiI it dries. Otherwise, fIies.''
''Shut up, Twiggy. I'm king of the fIies.''
''You know, this is aImost a book.''
''If your name wasn't Twiggy, but Leonard.''
Language was deveIoped 100,000 years ago.
Before that, no Ianguage.
Before that aIso, no reIigion.
You can't have reIigion by grunting it.
It just...
You can't get moraI ideas out by going...
(GRUNTING)
(CHUCKLING) ''I suppose so.''
(GRUNTING)
''Ha-ha, I don't know what you're...''
The Ten Commandments in grunt.
One...
(GRUNTING)
Two...
(VOCALISING)
No. Three... The rabbit.
Four. You get a bag, and you put it...
And then...
And then you take it and put it in the toiIet.
'Cause it's... No...
Five. You got a thing. I don't know...
My mother...
Okay. Forget five.
SiX... Never eat shit.
''I have no idea what you're taIking about.''
We're pretty sure that was
the first identifiabIe Iine of Ianguage.
''I have no idea what you're taIking about.''
One thing was huge before Ianguage
and that was ScrabbIe.
'Cause ScrabbIe, after Ianguage,
it became about words.
Before Ianguage, it was just,
''Put the Ietters down.''
There were no ruIes. Everyone was a winner.
K, T... FUNGTABL-SKLINGDUNG.
''Seventy-siX.''
ASTINGBOXISCRANKEZANGGA.
''That's 105. It's a tripIe word.''
''Dang.''
ScrabbIe was invented by Nazis
to piss off kids with dysIeXia.
This is true. They proved this one.
The word ''dysIeXia'' was invented by Nazis
to piss off kids with dysIeXia.
What's the point of coming up with a word
Iike ''dysIeXia'' to eXpIain
a word-bIindness speIIing probIem.
''They have a probIem with the words.
It is a difficuIt thing.
''We've caIIed this probIem...
(SPEAKING GIBBERISH)
(MIMICKING RADIO INTERFERENCE)
''Car 22, pickup...''
''It has seventeen siIent Ietters
and the face of a rat in it.''
Just caII it ''bonk.'' They suffer from bonk.
They have a word-bIindness. We caII it bonk.
''EXcuse me, miss, I've got bonk.''
''AII right. AII right, just chew something
at the corner of the cIass.'' ''AII right.''
I wouId have preferred that to sitting there
and speIIing ''coIour'' with a ''K.''
I did fantastic I-Spy. It was briIIiant for I-Spy.
I-Spy with an ''S'' for ''ceiIing.''
It went on for hours.
TiII my brother was throttIing me.
'''S.' CeiIing.'' ''CeiIing's not with an 'S.'''
''Of course it is!''
So we were hunter-gatherers. We were kiIIers.
We were kiIIers onIy 2,000 years ago.
Hunter-gatherers. Hardwired into our brains.
And I think our journey...
I don't think there's
any reason why we're here.
You know, the meaning of Iife?
I don't think there is one.
I think we're just accidentaIIy here.
I think it's that random, kids,
'cause that wouId eXpIain
the so many miIIions out there,
and peopIe taIk about the Earth
being in the GoIdiIocks pIace,
where we're not too cIose to the Sun,
not too far away.
I think it's just now, 'cause there are
probabIy other peopIe out there.
But whiIe we're here,
we may as weII do civiIisation.
Just be civiI to one another.
'Cause we got the kiIIer thing in...
And assassins, they took drugs.
Maybe as a reward or maybe to make them
just jump over the idea of going out
and kiIIing peopIe. And it was hashish.
That's where the word comes from.
They were hash-assins.
No, it's true. No, it sounds siIIy.
They were hash-assins.
Read it, it's on Wikipedia. You can Iook it up
on your iPhones whiIe I'm taIking to you.
It's true. I've done it.
It's there and they were taIking about...
They wouId give them hashish and say,
''You are hash-assins now.
''HeIp yourseIf to hashish and then
we'II go do hash-assinations.''
''He's off his rocker, isn't he?''
'Cause I do think that hashish is
one of the worst...
It's the wrong drug to give to peopIe
who are gonna go out and do something.
UnIess you say, ''We're going to
take over a Mars bar factory,'' then...
Yeah! Come on!''
There was an empowerment there.
''We're aII going to go and dive
into bags of sugar.''
''Yes! Yes, of course!''
But apart from that,
organised hash-assinations is just crazy.
You get there... ''What? What?
HoId this, hoId this.
''Get behind the hedge. Get behind the...''
''Bing-bong!
''He's not... He is here.
''I'm sorry about this.
We just... We're hash-assins.
''No, we're hash-assins.
''We gotta kiII you.
We're supposed to kiII you.
''Do you have a Kit Kat?
''If you've got a Kit Kat,
that's Iike a Get Out of JaiI Free card.
''You have? He's got... Have you got three?
''You've got four... He's got a four-bar one.
Come on, aII right.
''Shh! Schtum. CIose the door. Fuck off.
We shouId do this everywhere.
''Get Kit Kats.''
Ding-dong ''Got a Kit Kat?
''Or just a Cat Kit?
Like a Meccano Cat... Ah, forget it.''
Then the guy gets on the roof
with a briefcase.
(LOUDLY) ''I am in position...
(SHUSHING)
(SOFTLY) ''Sorry. I am in position on the roof
with the briefcase.
''AII right, aII right. Yeah.
I'II assembIe it. AII right.
''What the fuck is that?
''Attach Part A to Part B then to Part C...
''AppIy transfers to modeI aircraft...
''These are the wrong instructions.
(MIMICKING LIFT GOING UP)
''What? Yeah, no, I'm here. I'm here. I'm here.
''I haven't... I haven't got a gun.
''I have got a vacuum cIeaner.
''Yeah. WeII, it's in a simiIar briefcase.
''It just Iooks... I know. I know.
I know what you said. I know.
''Don't bring the vacuum cIeaner.
But it's a Dyson SIimIine.
''It's reaIIy Iightweight. It's orange.
''The baII type.
Goes around corners reaIIy weII.
''AII right, aII right, I'II pack up here.
ShaII I Hoover up before I go?
''AII right. AII right. I know, I know.
''Look, I'II throw it at him.
How's about I throw it at him?
''No, it's not very accurate, but it has
a fantastic eIement of surprise.''
And we now, I think, in modern days,
maybe we have more of a sense...
More of an empathy with peopIe.
We can see horrors going on.
We saw the tsunami.
We saw the thing in Mumbai.
We've seen fiIms.
Maybe it's not visceraI, but you can...
You get a very good visuaI sense
of what has gone on in the past.
Back in the BattIe of Hastings time,
you didn't have a cIue
what happened in the battIe.
You were either in that battIe,
or you just fucking forget it.
Or you watch a tapestry.
The BayeuX Tapestry teIIs you
in paneIs what's going on, but...
It's weavers.
Weavers were the war correspondents.
Weavers were the photojournaIists
of the day, going,
''Come on! Come on!
''Oh, my God, Iook at that!
Get that down, KeIIy. Put that here!
''What are they doing? Oh, God.
Keep moving! Keep moving!
''Don't Iook at the weavers! Just move on!
''Do some weird haircuts for the boys,
aII right?
''Give 'em a bit of a Iaugh, eh?
''WiIIie! Big WiIIie! Do it, give him a wave.
Hey, Big WiIIie! Good Iuck.
''That's the Duke of Normandy, the bastard.
''Come on, win, you bastards!
Shoot someone in the eye.
''We've aIready done that paneI.
''I've sewn this to my Ieg. Is that a probIem?''
The paparazzi. They were paparazzi.
Very earIy paparazzi, going,
''AII right. Anne BoIeyn, Anne BoIeyn,
how's it going, Iove, eh?
''Just hang on a second, Iove,
trying to get you down aII right.
''You don't want to Iook
Iike a weirdo, do you?''
''I'II do three noses if you're not carefuI.
''Just sIow down, baby.
Push your breasts up a bit.
''Is your sister with you?
We'II do a doubIe paneI.
''AII right. AII right, good Iuck.
You gonna marry Henry?
''AII right, keep your hair on.
''I've sewn this to my Ieg as weII.
Is that a probIem?''
So we were hunter-gatherers.
We hunted and gathered.
I wouId have eIected to be...
I wouId have chosen to be a hunter.
It seems more fun.
It seems more dangerous and more...
(EXCLAIMING)
You put face paint on your thing.
It's makeup.
It's aImost me, action transvestite.
That's what hunter-gatherers were.
We see it with the Native Americans.
We're there.
The gathering...
The gathering seems sIightIy more...
''One, tweIve, thirteen,
''tweIve, thirteen.
''TweIve. How many you got?''
''I've got seven. I give up.''
''I've Iost the wiII to Iive.''
''We've onIy got 19 berries.
They're gonna kiII us.''
SuddenIy the hunters return.
''We are hunters.
We have returned with stuff on our faces,
''having kiIIed bison and buffaIo
and beavers and badgers
''and baIIoons, which was weird.
''They went pop!
''We kiIIed mainIy 'B' animaIs today.
''Tomorrow we wiII kiII cats and chinchiIIas
and crocodiIes, then dogs and dingoes,
''then eIephants and eeIs, and then fungus.
''That'II be a Iong day.
''How many berries do you have for us?''
''A totaI of 19, sir.''
''That's a bit crap.
''Seven hours for nineteen berries? That's
two... That's something an hour, isn't it?
''Never mind.
Put them aII together and make a smoothie.''
(SLURPING)
''Needs a bit of Turkish yogurt.''
''Oh, they haven't invaded yet.''
''We haven't invaded yet.''
So it was the hunter.
And we aII Iooked pretty good.
That was the one upside of
the Stone Age period.
We Iooked fucking fantastic, man.
Come on! Let's go hunting
just in underwear. Come on!
''Janine, Stavros, Kenny, Rogers,
two peopIe, come on.
''WeII, you Iook briIIiant.
In fact, hoId me over a pond, wiII you?
''I want to see what I Iook Iike.''
The onIy way you couId Iook at yourseIf
in the oId days.
Everyone Iooked a IittIe bit hangy-downy.
I Iook a bit hangy-downy.
So that was it. 10,000 years ago,
the ice went away, going,
''Bye! Bye! Good Iuck with civiIisation.
Invent fridges.''
And off they went.
And that is when the hunter-gatherer period
moved into the agrarian period. Farming.
Farming is a step up in civiIisation.
More cuItivated.
Groups and communities can grow.
But it's a step down in seXiness.
There are no farming fiIms.
No Farming.
''Bruce WiIIis in Farming. Farming III.
(VOCALISING)
''He was just a farmer.
Someone stoIe his beans.''
''You fucking stoIe my beans, MacGruder!
I'II chase you on my yak!''
(VOCALISING)
''You'II never catch me! I have a yak, too!''
(VOCALISING)
''It's on Top Yak.
It's one of the best yaks in the worId.''
Not eXciting fiIms.
''Look, the grass is growing.''
And that's why farmers keep animaIs.
To make it more rock 'n' roII!
More eXciting. Most of the animaIs they keep
by choice are noisy animaIs.
Cows go ''moo'' and sheep go ''baa''
and dogs go ''woof'' and cats go ''woof''
and pigs go ''woof'' and horses go...
(MIMICKING NEIGHING)
And donkeys go ''ee-ore''. And pigs go ''onk.''
No. ''Woof'' or ''crack.''
No, they don't go ''crack.''
Maybe they take crack. I'm not sure.
I'm not sure there.
Jury's stiII out on that one.
Ducks, geese, aII noisy bastards.
They keep no snaiIs.
No badgers, no stoats,
no weaseIs, no...rabbits.
AII very quiet. GazeIIes make no noise.
EXcept for this noise.
(IMITATES SOUND OF SPEEDING CAR)
Because they Ieap.
You couIdn't farm gazeIIes, couId you?
You'd have to keep them in a bag.
''You want a gazeIIe, mate?'' ''Yeah, aII right.
''That's not a gazeIIe. That's an eeI.''
''Shit. Got the wrong bag.
''Here you go. Oh, it's gone.''
They have wings, you see. In the earIy days.
You can teII by...
Giraffes. Giraffes have no safety noise.
They don't have a signaI.
Like chickens have a safety noise, which is...
(MIMICS CLUCKING)
UnIess you wedge a trumpet on their face.
And then it's...
(MIMICKING TRUMPET BLOWING)
And you can train a chicken to do jazz.
Which I wouId encourage aII farmers to do.
Then the farmer's wife wouId say,
''What the heII is that?''
''That's my jazz chicken.''
(MIMICKING TRUMPET BLOWING)
''But how does he make an embouchure?''
''He has a beak.''
''I wedged a mango in there.''
Oh, you've boX cIever there.
And he wouIdn't actuaIIy wake you up,
wouId he?
He'd be Iike a permanent snooze button.
''And now it's 6:00 a.m. and jazz chicken.''
(MIMICKING SMOOTH JAZZ TRUMPET)
1 2:00 noon and peopIe are going,
''MiIk me, motherfucker, miIk me.
''Get this miIk out of me.
Someone pIug in, for God's sake.
''I've gotta rub myseIf against a tree.''
We don't know... How did feraI cows miIk
themseIves in the oId days before farming?
There must have been wiId cows
in the oId days.
Cows who were crazy. WiId.
''Fuck you, buddy. Yeah.''
Cows who wouId drive
through the streets in cars.
''Is this your car, sir?'' ''Moo.''
''Do you reaIise how fast you were going?''
''Moo.''
(EXCLAIMING)
''Is this your friend?''
(CHUCKLING)
''Moo.''
''Eh, Sarge, I think there's
a raptor and a cow in a car.
''Get everything here.''
''What do you mean everything?''
''I mean everything!''
As Gary wouId say.
''Moo.''
''Do you reaIise how fast you were going?''
''Moo.''
''You were doing three miIes an hour.''
''Moo?''
(MIMICKING THUDDING)
''He's going faster now.''
But giraffes have no emergency sound.
If a giraffe sees a tiger in Africa,
it wouId have aIarm and surprise
as two of its main emotions.
Two of the emotions
of the Spanish Inquisition.
Fear. WeII, fear, fear and surprise.
Fear because, ''It's a tiger.''
And surprise because it's a tiger
and there aren't any in Africa.
So what's it doing there? Is it on hoIiday?
Have they come over with pirates?
Through the GuIf of Aden? My hometown.
So, yeah. And it wouId turn to its friends
and say nothing. It has no...
(MIMICKING ANIMAL NOISES)
Nothing. It shouId hire a jazz chicken to sit
on its back and go...
(MIMICKING TRUMPET BLOWING)
Or the jazz chicken couId go...
(TRUMPETING FASTER)
-(APPLAUSE)
-He couId do that.
And then it'II go,
''There are bees coming!'' ''Not bees.''
It has no way of saying tiger, so...
But it can cough.
If you Iook on Wikipedia, they can cough
and so that's what they must use.
A very British method of pointing out
aIarming things.
(CLEARING THROAT)
(COUGHING)
''There's a tiger over there.
(COUGHING) ''Tiger. Tiger over there.
There's a fucking, great, big tiger.
''Tiger at four o'cIock.''
''FiIm. Two syIIabIes.
''First syIIabIe. Sounds Iike.
''No, first syIIabIe. First syIIabIe.
''Tie? Tie?''
''Second syIIabIe, sounds Iike...
''Ger.''
''Ger?''
''Ger?''
''Tiger.''
''Tiger. Tiger.''
(INAUDIBLE)
And then they do go. You see them go.
And where do they go to?
Where do they go to? The giraffes who run.
WeII, they're taIIer than Africa,
that savannah bit.
They're so taII, they must hide behind
giraffes, that's what I've worked out.
One giraffe is here and then
the other giraffes just Iine out.
''Just stay in Iine.
Back a bit, back a bit, back a bit.
''Forward, forward a bit. Back a bit.''
And the giraffe pretends, at this point,
he pretends to be the EiffeI Tower.
C'est fantastique. C'est tres belle.
Oh, Paris bon nuit, c'est si belle.
# Boom, fish and chicken
# Sur la plage, quel dommage
# Qu'elle sausage
Tu m'appelles, oui ma mere #
The tiger's waIking around going,
''Where are we?
''We were in Asia, then Africa,
now we're in France.
''I can't stand this. Give me the iPhone.''
(EXCLAIMING)
Noah, he knew about animaIs.
Oh, yes, he did.
And he's mentioned in the BibIe,
which I think are oraI histories.
I think it did happen. There was a fIood,
there's fIood stories mentioned in the BibIe,
mentioned outside the BibIe.
We saw the tsunami, we know they happen.
Now the big point is,
did God teII him to make a boat
or did Noah just use his
Captain Common Sense?
'Cause a number of us, if we were
somewhere where it was raining
and raining and raining and raining
and raining and raining and raining,
and we had a big piIe of wood,
some of us might put two and two
together and go,
''I'm gonna make a bIoody boat.''
Others might go,
''I'm gonna make a hairdresser's.''
''I'm gonna buiId a monkey emporium.
I'm gonna buiId a big set of wooden shoes
''that wouId fit a giant.''
But he made a boat. He was quite sensibIe.
And what did he put on the boat? His famiIy.
What eIse? AnimaIs.
Which animaIs? Any he couId find.
Did he put two of every animaI in the worId
on the boat? No!
How couId I be so sure? Try it.
Just try it. It's impossibIe.
And there is such a word as impossibIe.
You can't...
It is impossibIe to eat the HimaIayas.
There's no such word as ''can't''?
WeII, try eating the bIoody HimaIayas.
''I got fuII after about two mountains,
you know.''
You're not gonna get through that.
So he was there,
and he buiIt this boat.
And just trying to get everything
on there wouId be a nightmare.
And it had to be everything,
from two dung beetIes
up to two giant squid. AII of them.
AII the fish had to be there because we
know they were bad, some of them.
Sharks are bad, you know?
Very few good sharks.
Very few sharks say, ''We've found a chiId.
''He was swimming about having a bad time.
''We were going to eat him, but we thought
it is not our way any more.
''Since the Geneva Convention on sharks,
''the agreement that sharks made
with humans.
''We took his Ieg but that is our trade.
''We caII him Stumpy.
''Or Thumper. I think his name is Kenneth.''
So Noah wouId be there,
saying, ''AII right, Margaret.
''Margaret, just stuff them aII over the boat.
''Lash one giant squid to the roof. Just do it.
''It's raining, Margaret, it doesn't matter.
''Just put them anywhere.
Shove them in cupboards.''
A giant squid sticking out of the cupboards
going, ''There's no toweIs.
''Is she there? No toweIs.
''Giant squid diary, day one.
''Got to the boat. Everything rather damp.
Must inform TripAdvisor.
''Seem to be running out of ink.
''Met a number of animaIs. Interesting ones.
Cat, dog, squirreI, a mouse.
''I wiII eat them Iater.
''I can't find Horace.
I think he's Iashed to the roof.''
And the whoIe
two by two thing doesn't work.
Two by two animaIs. ''AII right, here we go.
Kids, we're gonna get them up two by two.
''Two tigers, two cats, two dogs, two fish.
''Two rabbits, two squirreIs, two IIamas,
two bIue things, two zebras.
''How many is that?''
''That? So far, two tigers, Dad.''
''What do you... Oh, no.
''What happened?''
''It just seemed to... It became
a Wendy's aII-you-can-eat kind of...
''Do we have a psychotherapist on board?
Because I think
''I need to readjust after that.''
It wouIdn't work.
Lions and tigers eat everything.
It's Iike putting students on a boat
with a Ioad of cake miX, isn't it?
It wouId just be a munching fest.
I've been up cIose to a Iion
and they just do that.
And after 40 days and 40 nights of rain,
which is 40 days of rain, isn't it?
The nights are impIicit, for God's sake.
It's a month and a bit of rain.
Don't drag it out.
Forty Iunchtimes and forty afternoon teas.
Just padding out the BibIe.
After that period of time, they'd be there
from the BibIe, on the bit of Iand, saying,
''We're here.''
''As the ark makes IandfaII,
what a historic day.
''God's pIan has worked.
The ark has made it with two of everything.
''And here they come,
this is Noah and his famiIy first.
''Trying to get a word in,
they're rushing away,
''they're probabIy meeting some friends,
Iate for a dinner appointment.
''And Iions and tigers, there they go.
''WeII, they're chasing...
Made friends aIready, I suppose.
''No one eIse at the moment,
must be packing.
''Just getting their things together.
What a wonderfuI, gIorious day.
''Here comes a squirreI,
just running out there.
''Mr SquirreI, how did it go?''
''No. It was a nightmare, man.
''Don't go there. It was crazy. They
kiIIed everything. Those stripy bastards,
''they kiIIed everything, man.
There's nothing there, man.
''It's aII dead, aII dead, it's Iike a ghost ship.
''I escaped, I hid in a coIander.''
''Oh, shit.''
''You gotta write that down in the BibIe.
''It was a bad pIan, man, bad pIan.
Noah's pIan.''
''What happened to your wife?''
''She got away.
''Got away in a boat with an owI and a cat.''
''Did they take anything with them?''
''Yeah, they took spoons and a heIicopter,
''a IittIe toy one and a GatIing gun.''
''An owI and a pussy-cat went to sea
In a beautifuI pea green boat
''They took some spoons, a heIicopter
and a GatIing gun...''
''Yeah. It's not poetry.''
So, civiIisation, that's what we're about,
and whiIe we're here, 'cause I don't think
there's actuaIIy a reason why we're here,
but whiIe we're here we may as weII
try and be civiIised, just a IittIe bit British.
Just a IittIe bit getting up in the morning
and saying, ''HeIIo, how are you?''
WaIking on.
Can't stand the man, myseIf.
It's a IittIe bit Iike that.
And the Egyptians and the Sumerians,
they started it off, they started
the baII roIIing about 5,000 years ago.
They said, ''Come on, irrigation.
That's a good thing.''
And the pharaohs were going,
''I'm 1 2 years oId, I couId die sometime.''
''You're very young, sir.'' ''Yeah, I couId die,
so I wanna die in a pointy thing.''
''AII right, we'II make one.
About head height?'' ''A miIe high.''
''BIoody 1 2 year oIds.''
''Come on, Iads, cut some rock.''
And it was aII kind of sandy,
and they worshipped Ra, the Sun god, Ra.
They had a song.
# Ra, hurrah for Ra
He's up there near the stars
# But they're not there
They've gone somewhere else
# And he is there, it's up there. It's quite hot
It's hot, it makes all our ground crappy
# And that's why we have irrigation,
La, la, la, la, Ra, Ra... #
I'm not sure what the song was.
But it was something in that area.
And the worshipping of the Sun god,
that is the circIe behind Mary's head.
Mary and Baby Je, you know
they got the circIe,
and you grew up thinking that meant
they were very, very good, very, very good
or the CoIgate ''ring of confidence,''
remember that one?
ActuaIIy, it means sun worshipping.
It was sIid in behind Christianity.
Christianity, ''HeIIo.''
'Cause Christians worship Chris, of course.
That's what it shouId be about.
Christmas is when we remember Chris
and how he so briIIiantIy Ianded on that
pagan rituaI
of being born on the 25th of December.
What is it with Christianity?
There was aII these pagan reIigions,
and then Christianity went,
''That seems to fit.''
WeII, it was, and aII those peopIe...
A Iot of churches are buiIt on pagan sites,
so peopIe turn up for their pagan rituaIs,
''Let's go and worship on the feast of bingo.
''Where the fuck did this come from?''
''Ooh! It's not bingo any more,
it's Mr... It's Mr Chris.
''WeII, Iet's worship him then, shaII we?
Whoever's here, we'II worship.''
So, the Egyptians did a number
of groovy things.
Five thousand years they were there,
and they invented a Ianguage, a Ianguage,
written up on there.
And it was a nightmare for newsreaders.
''Here is the news in Egypt:
''Man with a hat, man with a hat, dog,
dog with a gun,
''waIking, pig, pig, pig, coming, man,
''duck with a gun, man,
there's an eyebaII waIking aIong,
''chicken with a banjo, dog,
reaIIy powerfuI dog, comes aIong,
''and the cat got him in an arm Iock.
Three things, big eye, big eye, fish, cat.
''It seems the orgy in the zoo continues
into its seventh year.
''That's what I'm guessing.
Here's the weather with Janine.''
''Thank you. It wiII be sunny forever.''
And now, the Greeks.
So, the Greeks came in,
'cause the Egyptians aII died in a car crash.
And the Greeks, they had democracy,
two Greek words.
''Demos'' means peopIe.
''Ocracy'' is a kind of infIatabIe cat
fuII of heIium going, ''Vote now, vote now.''
Kind of Iike Blade Runner, in my mind.
So, they had democracy, which is great,
and it took off there,
it fIowered through the Roman period,
500 years of democracy,
and then it went, somewhere around Caesar,
the third son of God.
And they aIso, not onIy had that,
they had the Spartans.
The Spartans were... The eIite fighters
of today are based on the Spartans.
And the Spartans were just crazy.
Get up in the morning...
(YAWNING)
''Kids!'' ''Dad!''
''Spears!''
''Breakfast.''
''How many did you get?'' ''Got eight.''
''I got seven.''
Just mayhem. Death by numbers.
Yeah, the Spartans. The men, of course,
were huh! But the women were aIso huh!
The chiIdren were huh! And the dogs
were woof! and the cats were woof!
The sIugs were...
(EXCLAIMING)
And the sheep shh! - siIent.
The most deadIy sheep in the worId.
They were the onIy predator sheep
the worId has ever known.
They wouId wear bandanas,
Iike the kamikaze piIots,
with ancient sheep runes on them.
They had not a cIue what they meant.
And they wouId sneak up on woIves,
they wouId creep up in the dead of night.
Shh. They wouId never make a bIeat.
The woIves wouId wake and go, ''Sheep!''
''What? I'm the woIf who cried sheep.''
And the irony was writ Iarge upon them.
And the sheep wouId be in a stand-off
with the woIves,
'cause they knew they were more powerfuI,
but the sheep were brave.
And the sheep wouId take a rusty bIade
and they wouId say, ''Look at this!''
(BLOWING)
And they wouId shear themseIves.
(GRUNTING)
''Come on!
''I've got my jacket off now.
''You wanna come outside?''
And the woIves wouId go, ''We are outside.''
''Let's fight, motherfucker.''
And the woIves wouId go,
''This is not in the book.
''Grab their cIothes and run.''
As the audience reaIised where the joke was,
the woIves in sheep's cIothing
wouId run down the hiII,
run into a IocaI market, buy SIurpees,
run off, and never pay.
''Hey, I thought they were sheep.''
''They were woIves in sheep's cIothing.''
''I didn't know. New thing to me.''
And it started a whoIe spate of that, woIves
in sheep's cIothing, dogs in cats' cIothing,
pigs in giraffes' cIothing,
which Iooked odd,
and ants in eIephants' cIothing,
which was the biggest bIuff of aII.
''Move or we wiII trampIe you.''
''You're the fIattest eIephants I've ever seen.''
''We are covert eIephants.
Work for the nationaI secret peopIe.
''We're taking Ieaves back to our nests.''
''EIephants don't have nests.''
''Shit.''
''We wiII trampIe you
''with our noses.''
(SCOFFINGLY) ''Tsssh.''
Said the man.
(WHISPERING) Forget that scene.
I Iike the scene up tiII there,
but I don't know where it goes after that.
SuddenIy a cow turned up. ''Moo.''
''You again?'' ''Moo.''
''Can you give me Iift to the shops?'' ''Moo.''
''Is that a yes or a no?''
''Moo.''
''AII right, I'm coming with you.''
(EXHALING)
''Stop writing on the windows.''
''I thought you just said, 'Moo'.''
''Moo.''
Just moving that mime away.
So, Spartans.
They fought the battIe of ThermopyIae.
The BattIe of ThermopyIae,
made into a fiIm caIIed
On the Good Ship Lollipop.
That was the first fiIm about it.
It's an anagram.
On the Good Ship Lollipop,
BattIe of ThermopyIae.
It's eXactIy the same Ietters.
It's aImost eXactIy the same Ietters.
It was a ShirIey TempIe fiIm. She was
in her Jodie Foster Taxi Driver period,
she was trying to do
more edgy chiIdren's fiIms.
But anyway, she wanted... ''I want
to make fiIm, one about the Spartans.
''About the Spartans at ThermopyIae.''
They said, ''AII right,'' and it was On the
Good Ship Lollipop, and they did that.
# On the good ship... #
(MIMICKING HACKING WITH A SWORD)
(SCREAMING)
''ShirIey!'' ''Spartan!''
# ...Lollipop #
(MIMICKING EXPLOSION)
But they tested it on chiIdren in America,
and the chiIdren actuaIIy eXpIoded.
(MIMICKING EXPLOSION)
''Shit, they're going!''
So, they decided to edit aII the vioIence
out of the fiIm.
And you can't teII. If you watch
On the Good Ship Lollipop, you can't teII,
eXcept if you Iook at ShirIey
when she turns in a certain Iight,
you can see a IittIe bit of bIood
coming out of there down her chin.
But the Spartans were crazy,
they wouId oiI themseIves before battIe,
so no one couId take them aIive.
''I've got him! Hang on.''
''These guys, it's Iike fighting fish over here,
XerXes.
''XerXes, put the ScrabbIe board down, mate.
''Who invented traveI ScrabbIe?
''Come on,
we're trying to do something here.''
These bIokes, they were tacticaIIy very cIever
because this is 300 Spartans against 50,000,
100,000 Persians? No one knows
how many Persians. They now think
it couId have been aII the Persians.
Persia was empty that day, they beIieve.
If you'd waIked into Persia, just
empty, eXcept for cats and carpets.
PeopIe just heIping themseIves.
''We're here on the border of Persia,
and there's just peopIe with carpets,
-''and cats trying to protect them.''
-(MIMICKING CAT MIAOWING)
''Give us a carpet. Get away with a carpet.''
''Vote now.''
The Spartans were cIever as weII,
tacticaIIy cIever,
they got the Persians to attack them
in a very narrow pIace,
which was the corridor
of a Student Union party.
Get our cake miX out the window!
Take the booze, run!
Take the Watney's Red BarreI.
I didn't have that, no. It was more Tennent's.
Cans of Iager.
Anyway. So, yes, so that was the Spartans.
Greeks fought in the phaIanX,
they wouId have a whoIe group of peopIe
with 20-foot spears. You couIdn't get
at them, they had 20-foot spears.
UnIess one of your group was crazy enough
to say, ''Don't worry, I'II Iead the way.''
(CHUCKLING)
Sacrifice himseIf on the spear.
(LAUGHING TRIUMPHANTLY)
(LAUGHING)
(EXCLAIMING)
(SIGHING)
(LAUGHING)
(WHOOPING)
Can't do that.
(MIMICKING THUDDING)
(AUDIENCE EXCLAIMING)
Shit.
(LAUGHING TRIUMPHANTLY)
(LAUGHING)
(GROANING)
(CHUCKLING WEAKLY)
(GROANING SOFTLY)
(GIGGLING)
(LAUGHING TRIUMPHANTLY)
''ToId you.
''EXtra two foot on my spear.
''God, he's heavy.
I'm gonna wiggIe him off the end.''
(MIMICS THUDDING)
''Crap.''
''They'II think you're signaIIing!''
''I'm not, I'm just trying to get
''a dead guy off the end of my spear.
''They'II probabIy think he's a poIe vauIter
having a reaIIy weird...
''Having a reaI tough day at the office.''
These gigs are just for me, you reaIise.
''Come off my spear.
''Hang on.
''Okay. Okay.
''I can't see anything. I can't see anything.
''Hang on, hang on...
''Okay. I'm good.''
(HUMMING)
Then the Romans came in with a short,
pointy sword, turned it sideways and went...
''Ha-ha!''
''Hang on, hang on, hang on.
''WeIcome to the second Iine of defence.
''I'm just going to get a
sherbet or something.''
The Romans took over everything,
they buiIt aqueducts, viaducts,
they couId move ducks around
faster than anyone ever had.
Everyone was confused by this briIIiant move
that meant that ducks were aIways
in difficuIt pIaces to get at.
You never knew...
Where were these ducks coming from?
Even the ducks were going,
''We don't know why we're here.''
And the Roman's going, ''I think
they're supposed to be on water, reaIIy.''
And the men seemed to ruIe the empires.
In fact, the women ruIed the empires
with the use of poison.
And the men wouId say, ''I, Lucius,
I wiII kiII Gaius Cassius,
''and I wiII be emperor of Rome.''
And the women wouId say, ''Good Iuck,
Lucius, have a peach before you go.''
''Thank you, CaIpurnia.
''PeopIe of Rome...''
Now my young, 3-year-oId, idiot duck son
wiII become...
(QUACKING)
(VOCALISING)
(QUACKING)
The Romans did a heII of a Iot, man.
They did a heII of a Iot, very industrious,
very good at kiIIing, death by death.
Death by kiIIing with big, pointy things.
They were good at that,
but they did this with a Ianguage
which we know from schooI is siIIy.
It's too bIoody compIicated.
It's just got nouns and a mascuIine,
feminine, neuter, biseXuaI, hermaphrodite
and straight transvestite.
They have an accusative, a nominative,
a vocative, a Iocative,
an abIative, a dative and genetive.
CouIdn't they have had 19 more?
I mean why stop at 27? I mean, it goes on.
If someone says, ''Do you want a beer?''
you are stuck in the idea of
I'm the object, I'm...
The beer's the object, no, I want a beer.
Yes, I do. ''Yes'' is affirmative.
I want affirmative action but the beer is...
You are the object. No, the beer is
the object. The beer is coming towards me,
that's a motion towards, that's to,
so dative's gotta be in there somewhere.
Just mime me an answer. Thumb?
Yeah, aII right, mate.
How did they get the messages out...
When HannibaI attacked
through Spain, up and over the AIps,
how did they get the message out?
I mean, 'cause HannibaI actuaIIy won
a whoIe bunch of battIes,
and maybe that was because they just
couIdn't speak to each other quick enough.
Messengers running from one battIe
to another going,
''Centurion, Centurion, alarum,
alarum miserarium,
''minerarium, miserarium, alarum miserarium.
''Touten de soldatens
''er, mourati on the party.''
''Quod the fuck is the...
Quod erat demonstrandum?''
''Ich bin messengare. '' ''Si, naturellement. ''
''Und ich couriere nach here
from a Iong way away-re
''mit newsum tres mauvaises de
le battle-arium, the battarium
''the pugnacco of the peopIes
and the tuti of the mutis
''on the booties.''
''Quod the fuck are you taIking about here?''
''It's difficlarium. ''
''HannibaI!'' ''HannibaI? HannibaI.''
''Si, HannibaI!'' ''Oh, didus
knock mentanatem HannibaI?''
''Si, si, Generalissimo HannibaI.''
''HannibaI?'' C'est tres dangereux!
''Si. Er kommt, mein Herr. ''
''Arriverarm, arrivederci? No. Arriveramus?
''Is... Veni, vidi, vici!'' ''Veni, vidi, vici?''
''Si, veni, vidi, vici. HannibaI.''
''Mit soldates?''
''Si, mit soldates. No, tout seul,
bucket and spade on hoIiday, I think.
''Naturellement mit soldates,
mit total soldates.
''Multo soldates, infinitata soldates. ''
''Infinidate soldates is mathemelaticus
totaIIy impossibiliatus. ''
''No.
''Ask Pythagoratus.''
''Yes, ist te truthum. It's the veritum. ''
''Pi?''
''Danke schon. ''
''Have you tried just not cooking this?
''C'est pas mal, c'est pas mal, mate.
RhetoricaI...
''Gas markum quoi?''
''Gas markum 3.1 41 .''
''It's a jokum, it's a jokum. He's a funny Iad.''
(CHUCKLING)
''High-fives, Pythagoratus.
''Square of the hypotenuse.''
''Have you finished?''
''No, 'cause cette fois
''HannibaI is coming
'round the mountain when he comes.
''Is coming 'round the mountains
when he comes.''
''Coming 'round the mountains?
Coming 'round the mountains?''
''Coming 'round the mountains
when he comes.''
Singing...
(VOCALISING)
''Mit pink pyjamas?''
''Kein pink pyjamas.''
''Cette fois er kommt mit elephantein. ''
''Elephantein?
''What the fuck elephantein erat?''
''Elephantein tres dangereux.
Elephantein tres mysteriosum.
''Front part is elephantain and is similaris
con ein squirrel. ''
''Hey, man. Don't take the piss out of me.
''I'm just here, you know, Iooking for my wife.
''Have you seen a boat?''
''Imagine this maximum squirrel
upside-downus, back to frontus.
''Tailum ist nosum.
''Tailum ist nosum.
''Back part is elephantein is smilarus
but a magnus pigus. Bigus pigus.
''Bike pump.
''Attachum mit duct tape.
That is elephantein. ''
''Das ist elephantein? Run, motherfucker.''
It's too big, too Iong.
AII that takes far too Iong,
and HannibaI wouId overrun them,
and kiII them aII and set up a charity.
EngIish is good, it's taken off
because it's such a simpIe Ianguage
at its base IeveI.
''HannibaI's coming!'' ''HannibaI? What with?''
''SoIdiers.'' ''How many?'' ''Tons''.
''What eIse?'' ''EIephants.''
''What are they?'' ''Pigs and squirreIs. Run.''
The EngIish have gone, the EngIish have
gone. God, they had such a quick Ianguage.
You have to have a tea party to work out
the Latin stuff.
Yes, we got rid of one of our you's.
We had two you's, we got rid of one.
The whoIe famiIiar you.
''Aren't you my father?''
And the unfamiIiar you.
''Who the fuck are you guys?''
So, we got rid of the first one.
That was aII the ''thee'' and the ''thou'' one
that the PiIgrims used,
wouIdst thee, wouIdst thou, wouId thee,
thy, thum...
WouIdst thou? Thou wiIt disagree.
Thou wiIt have a bad time over the fact
that thou didst send us away...
Why don't you aII just go?
Go and hang in the middIe of the country.
So, yeah.
The Romans aII died in a chariot crash,
and then CharIes Darwin wrote a
famous book in 18 scritty swam swums,
and that book was an interesting book
'cause it was caIIed,
Monkey, Monkey, Monkey, Monkey,
Monkey, Monkey, You.
And it just took off Iike wiIdfire and it
caused an outrage in the monkey kingdom.
Monkeys were furious about it.
They were fIinging poo at eIectricaI fans
that had been
speciaIIy set up for the occasion.
Because ''the shit hits the fan'' is a saying
that is post-eIectricity.
Pre-eIectricity it's just...
(BLOWING)
''Did you just throw a poo at my fan?
''What's the point of that?
''You want me to switch the eIectricity on?
''WeII, we've onIy just had it wired up.
I don't see...''
(EXCLAIMING)
''I see, yes, yes.
''Yes, the shit has certainIy hit the fan now.''
Before eIectricity aII they had was
''Then the shit wiII reaIIy hit
the Archimedes screw.''
Much sIower.
So, yes, that was it, evoIution, evoIution,
and we have evoIution aII the way
from the beginning up to now,
incIuding aII of us, the genetics that go
through us, the inbreeding,
non-inbreeding, the RoyaI famiIy.
WeII, it's good that the RoyaI FamiIy...
They shouIdn't have seX with peopIe.
The idea of being commoners...
We have an idea of commoners.
''Commoners'' is a horribIe word.
I think it shouId be ''reaI peopIe.''
That's what the House of Commons
shouId be. The House of ReaI PeopIe.
And the commoners, they're reaI peopIe,
you see?
So, the Queen Mother, she was aIways crazy,
she was shot out of a cannon
for her funeraI, as you know.
That was her dying wish,
''Shoot me out of a cannon.''
It was kind of a Robin Hood thing
going on there.
She was a Scottish Iady, oh, yes.
She was... You never heard her speak.
Do you remember the Iast 40 years,
you never heard a word
but she was there going,
(IN SCOTTISH ACCENT) ''WiII you shoot me
out of a cannon? Come on.
''I'd Iike to see the SoIent one more time
before I Iand in the IsIe of Wight.
''Come on, you fucker. Give us a break.''
Something Iike that.
But the Queen,
I just have a probIem with monarchy
because obviousIy in the third miIIennium
hereditary priviIege is insane.
Yes, I hear your siIent yes.
Hereditary priviIege?
How do you eXpIain that to chiIdren?
''Why do some peopIe Iive in fantastic houses
''and we give them cash out of our taXes?''
''Because er...
''I don't know, that's a good question,
smaII chiId.''
It is an interesting question.
You know, it's gotta change.
I think CharIie's doing something, you know,
he's doing organic farming, he's doing stuff.
The charity he does is good.
Some of the kids are doing stuff,
but Liz and PhiI,
Liz and PhiI haven't done anything,
Liz and PhiI just sat there.
'Cause they got in at '52 and then
immediateIy the Queen introduced the new...
Then in the '60s, the Queen decided
to change the way that...
And she encouraged peopIe to...
And in the '70s,
she compIeteIy redistributed...
And reaIised she had too much weaIth,
so she decided to...
Then in the '80s, they set up a charity to do...
And then they encouraged other peopIe to...
And in the '90s, they just totaIIy reIaXed,
and they said, ''Everyone, why don't you...''
And then in the 2000s,
they've set a great eXampIe by...
Stop me at any point.
I think she's got 20 years Ieft, she's in there,
but she essentiaIIy does what she does
on the stamps.
Do something! Just do something!
Open your house up!
Give aII your houses away! Do something!
Change your hair. Smoke a cigarette.
Drive a car.
Wave a bit. Fucking wave.
Where's the fucking wave?
We paid good money,
we want some fucking waving.
Got cash, got cash, do waves.
Don't you think?
Anyway, so, evoIution.
We can see evoIution with fish.
Fish swim in the sea, they're very thin,
they breathe through their necks.
And they just seem to be... They have very
short memories, I beIieve, fish,
and so they seem to just be going,
''Oh, oh, oh, oh...''
As if someone's just toId them,
''You reaIise you're fish,
''and you have very short memories.'' ''Oh.
''Oh. Oh.
''Oh, I didn't reaIise. Oh, no.''
And then the mudskipper is a fish
that waIks aIong on its Iegs.
You can see the evoIution
with the mudskipper going aIong.
And if you Iook right deep into his eyes,
you can see him going,
''I'm aImost there, I'm aImost there.
One day I'II have a house and a Ferrari.
''I'II work on the Stock EXchange.
Lose Ioads of money down a toiIet.''
And then fish fIy, fish fIy. In the sky.
They must be up there going, ''Oh, wow.''
And then they must stop in trees
occasionaIIy and go, ''Oh.''
And then birds are in trees, they're going,
''Who the fuck are you guys?''
''Oh, no.''
''We're birds, we eat fish.'' ''Oh, crap.''
''FIy, Freddie, fIy!''
You ever seen birds chasing fish in the air?
It just Iooks so... You go,
''I gotta have a drink, that's weird.''
So, that's the fish side, that's evoIution.
Then on the creation side,
God got the worId and he went,
''There it is, it's bIue, don't fuck it up.''
Can't stand the man.
We don't know what that means.
It's just funny, but we don't know why.
But now he didn't do it in one go.
Which, I think, why take siX days over it?
Why not just go...
He did it siX days with one day for prayer.
Why not do two seconds...
(EXCLAIMING)
And then you've got seven days for prayer.
And they couId just be up there going,
''God, you're reaIIy great,
you're reaIIy fantastic.
''Dear God, we thank you,
especiaIIy for what you did on Tuesday.
''That was reaIIy... Was it Tuesday?
No, never. That's right.''
You never wake up and you hear,
''God's given everyone an eXtra banana.
''What a wonderfuI day it is!
EXtra banana for everyone.''
Never. Anyway, siX days of making the Earth,
Iike he's making a train set for his kids.
(BLOWING)
After a whiIe smaII animaIs wiII be foIIowing
going, ''Who are you?''
''I'm God.'' ''Why are you taking so Iong?
''We've got no food.''
''AII right, I'II make you food.
Sorry about that. What are you, badgers?
''SquirreIs? Chicken?''
(MIMICKING TRUMPET BLOWING)
''We eat nuts, man. Have you seen a boat?''
''Haven't made them yet.''
''WeII, what am I doing here?''
''Right, badgers. Badgers eat bok choy.''
''No, we don't. Not eating that.
It's supposed to be pak choi, anyway.''
''It's caIIed bok choy.'' ''Pak choi.''
''Mandarin.'' ''Cantonese.''
(SIGHING)
''Not eating it.''
''AII right, sprouting broccoIi.''
(EXCLAIMING IN DISGUST)
''HoIy crap, I see badgers can be choosers.''
(AUDIENCE GROANING)
What?
What, you've heard too many bok choy,
pak choi, sprouting broccoIi,
badger creationist jokes this week?
''Oh, yeah, up to here,
every other person saying them.
''Can't... Just wading through them
this Christmas.
''That oId chestnut.
''Didn't the Greeks use that one?'' Fuck off.
''AII right, Mr Badger,
creme bruIee you shaII eat.''
''Creme bruIee?
That's hardIy bruIee, that's singed.''
''AII right, that's creme fIambee now.''
''Creme bruIee, creme fIambee,
where did you Iearn French?''
''WhiIe you were pissing about
making the Earth.
''I was on Rosetta Stone.
''We were aII sitting around there going,
'La chaise est sur l'elephant. '''
''I don't know what he's taIking about.''
(MIMICKING TRUMPET BLOWING)
''Day one in the giant squid diaries.''
''Nothing, it's a void. Day three, isn't it?''
''Shit, running out of ink. Why, why, why?
There's no water yet. Bugger, bugger.''
''AII right.
Give me another Letts diary, wiII you?''
Do you remember those?
Every Christmas you get your Letts diary.
You fiII in just the first siX days
and then bIank.
Did everyone do that?
Then about June you'd rediscover it
and start fiIIing it in again
and then go...
Then you'd backfiII it with Iessons.
Okay, I saw one kid doing that.
Anyway, creationism has turned,
through the mind of a Sarah PaIin,
into inteIIigent design. And I have
two probIems with inteIIigent design.
One is the inteIIigence part of it,
and the other is the design part of it.
Because, you know, there's some things
which are wonderfuI in the worId,
and some things that are horribIe,
disgusting. Cancer.
InteIIigent design, or just weird fucking stuff
going on? ChoIera, aII those things.
If we were God for haIf an hour,
we wouId ban poo and pee.
Why do we have poo and pee?
You say, ''Oh, waste products.''
Why not just eat food and do stuff?
There's no Iogic to waste products.
Just efficient use of energy.
Eat it and boom, go do stuff.
Poo and pee causes aII those...
Coughs and sneezes spread diseases.
AII the poo and peeing diseases,
choIera, aII that... Out the window,
if we were God. And then you say,
''You might need the poo for crops.''
WeII, no, the crops grow because
of sunIight. Or because they want to.
Remember you're God.
So the appendiX, it sits neXt to your
oesophagus your entire Iife going,
''Any grass? Is that grass, mate?
Is that grass? What's that, bok choy? No?
''ArsehoIe.
''What's that, spinach? WeII, do you want...
Forget it.
''No, it's horribIe. I don't want to touch it.
''We've got an appendiX here, but forget it.
''Asparagus! That's Iike grass, isn't it?
Big grass? Big grass, mate?
''Do you want to run it through
me and Jimbo? Machine? One carefuI owner.
''This is insane.
I'm caIIing InteIIigent Design.''
(MIMICKING DIALLING)
''InteIIigent Design.''
''Yeah, it's the appendiX.''
''Yes, the appendiX. Any news?''
''WeII, what the fuck are we doing?
''Did you put us here on duty
to deaI with the grass?
''I mean, it doesn't eat grass.
Haven't you noticed?
''It might be evoIution.''
''Yeah, weII, it might be, motherfucker.
''We don't wanna be here.
We're just sitting here, doing nothing.
''We want to be somewhere eIse. Where?
''We want to be in the back of books.
''You put an appendiX in the back of books.
Go on, put it there,
''and then, we don't want page numbers,
we want Roman numeraIs.
''ReaI teeny, tiny ones.
''And then we want endIess Iists of rubbish
that no one ever reads.
''Or, they'd read two or three of them
and then go, 'Oh, this is crap.'
''And then they go back. You do that.
Otherwise... Otherwise we wiII eXpIode.''
Your appendiX eXpIodes, just Iike John Hurt
in the fiIm Alien
(MIMICKING EXPLOSION)
when that thing comes out.
And that Iooks Iike an appendiX with teeth.
Your appendiX very rareIy gets huge and
eats the rest of your crew. That's true.
But that's it. Cows have four stomachs.
Why do they have four stomachs?
Why not one stomach? Why don't they do it
Iike us, just eat stuff and then poo or pee?
They have four crappy stomachs,
or useIess stomachs.
They eat food, it comes back up,
they chew it again, it goes back down.
It comes back up.
It keeps going up and down.
By the fourth stomach, sureIy it's coming up
and they're going,
''This did not need to come back up.
''This shouId have gone the other way.
''I now understand 'shit-eating grin.'
I know what it is.
''ShouId be shit-eating grimace.''
(TUTTING)
Cows shouId be in corners of fieIds going...
(RETCHING)
Never see that.
Or they shouId be in cars going, ''Moo.''
''We Iike him.''
(EXCLAIMING)
''Moo.''
Cow and raptor.
Cow, raptor.
(VOCALISING)
''Moo.''
''Go, cow, go.'' ''Moo.''
''Put aII the moo in the bag.
''Got Iots of moo.''
''What the fuck is moo?''
''I think it's air.''
Work on the first draft of this script.
So, I think we Iook for ruIes to Iive our Iives.
And I decided to take aII the reIigions in
the worId and aII the phiIosophies,
because I think reIigions are phiIosophies
with an eXtra top coat of mysticaI
things, you know.
Stuff for peopIe Iiving in trees. Or cIouds.
Or trees. If a god Iived in a tree
that wouIdn't work, wouId it?
''I am a god.'' ''You're Iiving in a tree.
''You're Iike a bird, aren't you?'' ''Yeah.
''But... Oh, bugger.''
What I chose
from aII the reIigions and faiths in the worId,
and I decided to try and Iive...
You know, you want some ruIe, direction
to Iive your Iife by.
And ''Do unto others as you wouId
have others do unto you'' seems to be
one thing you can just grab hoId of
and is reaIIy good.
And it's not perfect, and you're gonna be
grumpy at peopIe, or shouting or whatever,
but if you try that one, I think it's reaIIy good.
And you don't need anything eIse.
And then there's the Ten Commandments.
Now, that's a Iot of commandments.
I think humans, we Iike simpIistic.
But anyway, Moses, charismatic individuaI,
mentioned in the BibIe,
mentioned outside the BibIe.
Grew up as an ancient Egyptian,
which means he was an Egyptian
who was reaIIy oId at the age of three.
''Oh, yes. Come over here, young man.
''EXcited are we?''
He wouId say.
And, so, he was actuaIIy a Hebrew person
who was smuggIed in and adopted.
And aII the Hebrew peopIe were ensIaved
in Egypt at that time
because they were there on hoIiday
and it aII went pear-shaped.
And Moses grew up and he kiIIed a sIave
owner. And he rushed off and hid
and became a shepherd to get out of being
sent... Put on triaI, whatever it was.
And whiIe he was up on the mountain
with his sheep, a bush caught fire.
(MIMICKING FLAME ROARING)
And he said,
''Right. Come on, sheep, get out of here.
''It's Iooking kind of bibIicaI around here.''
And the bush said,
''Moses, Moses, come back here.''
And he said, ''Hang on, sheep, just wait.
What is it?''
''Moses, you must Ieave this pIace.''
''I was Ieaving when you caIIed me back.
''What the bIoody heII do...''
''No, I mean you must Ieave this area,
on a short to mid-term future,
''on a geopoIiticaI basis.''
''For fuck's sake,
''you're a very compIicated bush.
''We're not used to that round here.''
So, yes. He ran over to the sheep.
''It's a sIow burn,'' he said to the sheep.
''Look, sheep. I gotta go.
Get out of Dodge City.''
''You Iads, you get out of here.
Run, you run from here.
''I have to go and do things.
So you run and you find the Spartan sheep.
''They wiII train you to be ninjas.
They wiII train you to be kamikaze.
''That's not reaIIy usefuI.
''That's a kind of (THUD) thing.
AII right, forget it, it's too compIicated.''
''What?''
''Moo.''
''You're mooing sheep.
You must find the Spartan sheep.
''They wiII train you to become Ieaders of
sheep. And I'II meet you in the finaI scene.''
''Okay.''
So he runs off.
He goes down to his friends and says,
''Come on, Iads, we'II get aII the Hebrew
peopIe and Ieave this desert.
''Let's go to a desert.''
Yeah, change is as good as a rest.
''I want to go to Surrey.''
''No, it's a bit rainy there.''
Let's go to the desert. He says, ''Let's go
tonight, under the cover of frogs.''
So... 'Cause there were ten pIagues
that Ianded on Egypt.
And, you know, there's a pIague of fIies.
(MIMICKING FLIES BUZZING)
PIague of Iocusts.
(MIMICS LOCUSTS CHIRPING)
And a pIague of frogs was one of
the weirdest pIagues I've ever heard of.
If that came from God,
he had Iost his marbIes.
Because a pIague of frogs is not a pIague,
is it? It's just a Iot of frogs.
It's more frogs than usuaI.
To be a pIague, you have to be abIe to go,
''The fIies, the fIies!''
''The Iocusts, the Iocusts!''
And you're never going, ''The frogs,
the frogs! I'm drowning in frogs!
''HeIp me, Mama, heIp me!''
''PuII Jimby out of the fiI... Out of the frog pit.
''The pit of frogs. The frogs have got him.''
''Don't Iick their backs.''
Who came up with a haIIucinogenic
back of a toad?
Was that God on crack cocaine?
(INHALING)
''Look. B-sus, just Iook at this.
''B-sus, Iick the back of that.
(CONTINUES INHALING)
''Lick that. Lick the back of that toad.
Lick the back of that toad.''
''Dad, you've said that for haIf an hour now.''
''B-sus, you're covered in something.''
''What, Dad?''
''Wow, this is reaIIy good toad.
This is a good year. What year is this?
''1927. Wow, eXceIIent toad year.''
Toads came up with the Iine,
''You Iick my back, and I'II Iick yours.''
If he created a frog pIague,
then he must have been going,
''AII right, T-sus, P-sus, D-sus, L-sus,
I want another pIague.''
''You've had ten, Dad. WeII, you've had nine.
This'II be the tenth.
''You had a pIague of toads,
and a pIague of heIicopters,
''a pIague of peopIe with weird haircuts,
pIague of dripping.''
''The dripping, the dripping.
But there's no bread.''
''I want another pIague.
Who are those green Iads over there?''
''They're frogs, they're pIaying canasta,
worId championship.''
''Who's winning?'' ''Frogs are, 2 to 1 .''
''Who are they pIaying?'' ''Other frogs.''
''Put them in a DC-9, I want them down.''
''Great Pharaoh, huge, green monsters
are faIIing from the...
(MIMICS THUDDING)
''SmaII green monsters, quite smaII.
''Just frogs.''
(MIMICS FROG CROAKING)
So they strapped them to their heads
and they ran and ran.
''There's frogs escaping.'' ''It's okay.''
And they go up through...
And they went through the Red Sea
'cause a giant squid heId the water back.
''Go on, good Iuck, good Iuck.''
''Giant squid's diary, day 3,009.
''HeIped the frogs. No.
''HeIped the Hebrew peopIe get out
''of Egypt. Running out of bIoody ink again.
''Got a biro.
''HeIped the Hebrew peopIe to escape
under the cover of frogs.
''Was gIad to heIp. Links with Noah.
Saw Mr SquirreI again.''
''It was heII in there, man. We were ensIaved.
''SquirreIs were ensIaved.'' ''For what?''
''I don't know.''
(MIMICKING TRUMPHET BLOWING)
''I'm going to marry a chicken.''
So then they wandered in the desert
for 40 years.
And if I was with that group, after 23 years,
I wouId have turned to them and said,
''What the fuck is going on? 23 years
just wandering in the desert.
''I'II give you 1 7 more years and that's it.''
And after 1 7 years, 30 years, 40 years,
and after 40 years,
there are obviousIy peopIe going mad,
going crazy.
They're going,
''I'm gonna have seX with my foot.''
''I'm gonna eat baIIoons tiII I eXpIode.''
''I'm gonna set fire to my buttocks.''
''I'm gonna stapIe my toes to a tractor.''
''I'm gonna fiII myseIf with sand
and seII myseIf to a taXidermist.''
And Moses said, ''Look, you can't do this.
This is insane. You can't. There are ruIes.''
''There are no ruIes!'' ''AII right, I'II get 10.''
So he runs off and comes back,
''AII right, here they are.''
''RuIe one, never piss in a toaster.
''Never eat barbed wire.
Don't caII yourseIf Mr Jimjams.
''Never scrape your brain
with the back of a comb.
''Don't put your toes in a fire.
''Never SeIIotape your eyeIids
to your mother's.''
''What? These aren't ruIes, you just made
these up on the way back from the hiII.''
''I couIdn't find anyone with... Just...
I'II get better ones.'' Runs off.
Two hours Iater he comes back.
''AII right, aII right. Here we are.
''AIways keep quiet.
Run up a tree if you see anyone.
''Keep your taiI cIean. Keep your nuts and
your makeup in a hoIe in the tree.''
''This is...
(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
''These are squirreI ruIes.''
''Hey, man. Don't have a go at us, man.
''We got good ruIes. Yeah.
We know what we're doing, man.
''This is my chicken.''
(MIMICKING TRUMPET BLOWING)
''Who are these peopIe?
They're not Hebrew squirreIs and chickens.''
''They're just with us. They're with the band.''
So, yes. So then he said...
They said to him. They said,
''Moses, Iook, Moses, we want reaI ruIes,
ruIes you can write on rock.
''The three R's.'' So he said,
''AII right. I'II go get them.''
As the audience worked that joke out
he ran away.
He ran off and he was away for months.
About two months. A Iong time.
Must have been, because by the time
he returned, they had smeIted metaI.
That's a Discovery programme, channeI,
thing. That's a... SmeIting metaI?
''Oh, he's not coming back.
He's probabIy eaten by bears.
''Let's smeIt metaI.
''Let's make a cast-iron version of a god.''
And it never works. If you watch it,
it's very difficuIt to make a proper mouId
and get it aII working out, especiaIIy
in the desert after 40 years.
Pour it out and go, ''There, a goIden caIf.''
''Looks Iike a badger that's head's eXpIoded.''
''That's a stoat covered in sick.''
''That's a man who's eaten
too many baIIoons.''
''Whatever it is, he's caIIed Jimbo
and we're worshipping him.''
''We worship thee, O Jimbo,
our Iord of thistIe.
''PIease bring us kazoos on the hour,
every hour.''
And then Moses returned and he said...
He was furious and he smashed the tabIets
of stone on the ground.
He said, ''What are you doing?''
And they aII went...
(VOCALISING)
He said, ''You caII those kazoos?
'''Cause no one recognised the sound.''
''They never do, Great Moses.
''For some reason,
that joke aIways screws up at that point.
''You can't do... We can't do kazoo sounds.''
(VOCALISING)
''Don't practise now, they're fiIming.''
(VOCALISING)
(INHALING)
''The Force is with them.''
''With them?'' ''Yeah.''
''Look, Iook, Iook, I've got ruIes.''
And he said he got ruIes.
''Rock ruIes. RuIes written on rock.
''And they're the Ten Commandments,
but you don't need them,
''because the one, 'Do unto others,'
is a seIf-poIicing ruIe.''
Thou shaII not kiII. Do unto others as
you'd have others do unto you.
WouId you Iike others to kiII you?
ProbabIy not.
So don't kiII other peopIe.
WouId you Iike your stuff being stoIen?
ProbabIy not. So don't steaI other peopIe's.
It's seIf-poIicing.
So those are the two main ones,
and then there's other ones
in the Ten Commandments
''Iike, you know, don't put your knitting
on the stage, Mrs Worthington,
or something. I don't know. Never SeIIotape
your hair to a tractor. These things.
And there's one in there that's just
compIeteIy bonkers.
Thou shaIt not covet thy neighbour's oX.
What?
What, was that aII the rage?
Were peopIe going,
''Oh, my God. Have you seen Steve's oX?''
''What? Where? Where?'' ''Don't Iook now.''
''It's a genius oX. It's the most amazing oX
I've ever seen. It's briIIiant.
''It's just... Have you seen...
It was on Top Ox. It was on Top Ox.
''You know Top Gear? It's Top Ox.
This oX can go 0-50 in under a year.
''It is the most amazingIy sIeek...
''BuiIt by the Germans, you can hang
your washing between his ears.
''He reaIIy has the biggest face
this side of Christendom.
''This is one motherfucker of an oX.''
How were... Why were peopIe coveting oXes?
It isn't thou shaIt not steaI the oX,
or eat the oX, or set fire to the oX,
or have seX with the oX, it's just covet
the oX. It's just wanting the oX.
How do you have an oX market, how do you
seII oXes if no one wants them?
Any trade wiII not work if no one can
covet anything. It must have been weird.
You know, peopIe saying,
''Thou shaIt not covet thy neighbour's oX.''
''He's not my neighbour, he Iives across
the road, number 23.
''I'm off on a technicaIity.''
I used to say it's thou shaIt not cover
thy neighbour's oX.
And that makes more sense,
because you can't find your bIoody oX.
''Where's my oX?
I can't bIoody find the oX now. I was in it.
''Jim, have you seen my oX?
I can't bIoody see him anywhere.
''Someone's just run off with my oX.
Where's your duvet?
''You've Iost a duvet, I've Iost an oX. There's
an oX and duvet steaIer going around.
''I'm gonna teII the IocaI...
Hang on, Iook, there's your duvet.
''It's moving.
''Jimbo...
''You covered up my oX. You covered my oX.
''Thou shaIt not cover thy neighbour's oX.
And I'm your bIoody neighbour.
''You're gonna go to heII for this.''
And finaIIy tonight... In 1969,
the Americans Ianded on the Moon.
And I can prove it, because the Russians
were aIso trying to get to the Moon.
The Russians had the first sateIIite in space,
the first man in space,
first woman in space, the first orbit in space,
the first space waIk. A Ioad of firsts in there.
Very good. WeII done to them.
And they didn't get to the moon first. I don't
know if it was the money...
Not sure what the reason was,
but, they were very cIose.
They were sending an unmanned probe there.
So, they wouId have taken photographs.
And if the Americans had not gone,
they wouId have said,
(IN RUSSIAN ACCENT) ''You did not go.
We have photograph, we have videotape.
''It's a book, a thing, it's a cow...
Two syIIabIes.
''Come, scientists of the worId.
We wiII show you proof.''
And they wouId have proved it.
SiX times, they couId have proved it.
The Russians, they weren't getting on
with the Americans at the time.
So... A bit Iike now.
So...yes. So, they did go to the Moon.
And I had a Iot invested in that as a chiId
in Bishop's Stortford watching,
I didn't Iive there, but I just thought that,
''I'II go to Bishop's Stortford.''
'Cause it's such a crazy name.
'Cause obviousIy a bishop did
have a stortford there, whatever it was.
So, yeah. And when they Ianded
on the Moon, that was the time.
If there is a God in the universe he shouId
have come down and said,
''You're the first ones to make it from
the bIue one to the grey one. WeII done.
''You win Smarties forever,
and congratuIations.
''NeiI? NeiI. NeiI, weII done. And, Buzz.
Buzz Lightyear? You Buzz Lightyear?
''You Buzz Lightyear? You Buzz Lightyear?
You're boX cIever. WeII done.
''Take off your heImets, reIaX.
WeIcome, weIcome.
''No, don't take your heImets off. It's a joke.
''Sorry, I'm a bit dry. My humour's a bit dry.
I hung out with the British for a whiIe.
''Now, so, yes. WeII, this is the grey one.
''And it's just the top coat. We're going to
paint it at some point. We're thinking pink.
''What do you think of pink? I'm trying to do
a snooker thing. BIue one, red one, pink...
''Yes. Yes, I'm God
and I Iive on the dark side of the Moon
''aIong with Darth Vader...''
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
''HeIIo.''
''And Pink FIoyd.''
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
''HeIIo.''
''Who do an eXceIIent group impression
of Darth Vader.
''And here we have a young friend,
the raptor.'' ''Hi.''
''And the cow.'' ''Moo.''
''They just drove here,
being chased by these sheep.''
(MIMICKING SHEEP BLEATING)
''These are mad sheep
who've been trained by Spartan sheep.
''We have a squirreI here.'' ''Hey, man, don't
come here. There's crazy fuckers here.
''That raptor's insane, man. It's going to kiII
everyone.'' ''And this chicken.''
(MIMICKING TRUMPET BLOWING)
''And Mr GeraId, the giant squid.''
''Giant squid's diary, day 3,009.''
''We're here on the Moon with the
human beings, they've made it to the Moon.
''They've probabIy got 100 more years before
they bIow themseIves up. Can they do it?
''Can they be civiIized enough? It's up to
them, they have to think out of the boX.''
''Good night.'' Good night.

They call it coming out of a book,
and youve got to do it at some
point in your life, havent you?
Youve got to just fuckin come out of a
book, you know, surprise
your neighbours! Hey!
A fucking big book next door, yes
Andy Warhol said, Youve always gotta
come out of a book at some point,
he said, and then, poof! And big hair
Or he said something like that.
So were here, yesThis is the
video, a very, very special video
a video album,
this is what it is
of all the incredibly funny things
in my brain, I suppose,
cause people think Im on
drugs, and Im not, Im really
quite, you knowjust a bit
of coffee, and Im really
When I take drugs, I start going,
Oh, insurance! Ever thought of?
And pensions! Very sensible!
So dont take drugs, otherwise youll
go like that! Just go Yeah!
But thimbles is what I really
wanted to talk about, because
you dont really - well, they dont get
enough press these days, do they?
I dont think they ever did,
because very rarely you see,
Thimbles: Oh! Says Man
You know what I mean
Cause my Gran said,
Put a thimble on your finger, and it
helps you, in case
you slip with a needle,
the needle goes up, and
into brain, and death
and before thimbles
were invented, it was
Needle Death Tragic Whole Family!
Family of Sewers Tragic!
If Only Thimbles Were Invented,
says psychic man with big hat
and beard to match
Thimbles Compulsory for
Children in Many Buses
So yes The best thing
with thimbles is to put one...
on each finger, and then you
can do impressions of horses.
Horses with one too
many legs, I suppose
Cause they do have a metallic
sound, dont they, horseshoes?
Well, horses have got hooves, theyve
got this bit of semicircular metal...
nailed to each and every foot!
And thats just a con! For
centuries, blacksmiths saying,
Is that your horse?
Better nail a bit of
semicircular metal to each of his feet!
Oh, no, thanks, its got
hooves! Thanks very much.
No, better nail a bit
of semicircular metal on.
Have you ever had a blowout
on a horse doing 70? Yeah
Steel radials, thats
what you want, mate!
Are those anti-lock
hooves? Ooh, Im not sure
It is. Perhaps its a big con, theyve
done it very successfully for centuries,
but they were just
trying with all hoofed
animals. You got any more in your farm?
Cows! Bring them in,
theyve got hooves! And pigs
and sheep, hooves the lot
of them! Ill put shoes
And your ducks and geese,
get the whole bloody farm in!
And your next door neighbour.
The whole farm for 50 quid
Ducks going around, going
clang, clang, clang
Quack!
Swimming out in the water
They dont do the
breast-stroke, do they, ducks?
They just...
Any duck doing
that is really kind of crap.
And its also lucky,
horseshoes are lucky!
And horses have four bits of
lucky nailed to their feet.
They should be the luckiest
animals in the world!
They should win all their
horse races, shouldnt they?
Its after 3:30, and today,
every single horse was first equal
One horse dropped a
shoe, came in fourth
And the duck was ninth.
Five ran
Its what they always say
at the end, dont they?
A bit of useless five run.
Are there people at home, going,
But how many run?
Or is it the idea,
Five run, one sauntered,
really one drove a small car
one windsurfed, one hang-glid.
Yeah, you decline the
verb to hang-glide, then
I hang-glide, you hang-glide,
he, she hang-glides,
we hang-glid,
you hang-glided,
they hang-glidededed.
Anyway, thats all rubbish!
Sometimes, though, you want to buy a
thimble, or a horseshoe,
or a bit of fluff,
or an elephant, and you go
down your local supermarket.
Dont laugh too much, please
The local supermarket,
you know; the hypermarket,
theyre big, fuckoff, huge,
big as a village these days,
And everyones in there:
trendy people, straight people,
rich, poor; everyone in there,
pushing trolleys, going,
Do we want yoghurt? I dont know
And you can push things
around, you can fill up
with stuff, and then you
get bored of your shopping.
Oh, forget that! I dont want it!
You can just leave your trolley,
kind of No, Im just
Pick another one,
Oh, Ive got this one!
But trolleys, they never
run straight, do they?
Have you ever flown on a trolley? Never!
Because theyve always got
the wobbly wheel off to the right,
hit someone in the stomach, and
they drop all their shopping in,
and then youve got their shopping
And if you hit an old lady, you get
hairnets and dog food!
Thats all they buy.
At a certain age, about
80, I think, they go,
Fuck everything else!
Hairnets and dog food,
thats all I need now
Cause youre on bonus
time from then on, really,
so you might as well get weird shit.
Hairnets and dog food.
Hairnets, of course, are pointless;
weve all known this,
and weve marveled
at people putting them on,
cause when you take
them off in the morning,
youve got criss-cross
patterns on your hair.
Why, old lady? Why the hairnet?
Oh, the hair thieves!
The hair thieves,
they come in the night
Steal your hair, they
do! Sell us into slavery
in Azerbaijan. 
And dog food as well. There was a dog
food a while back called Mr. Dog.
It was a small can of dog food
for small, yappy-type dogs.
And there was a big
advertising campaign, saying,
Buy Mr. Dog, for
small, yappy-type dogs
and maybe, theyll shut the fuck up!
So that was fine, and then there
was a stroke your beard meeting
back at Mr. Dogs headquarters.
Well weve sold but
two cans of Mr. Dog
which some people do say,
But two cans
Lets change the name! So they changed
the name, from Mr. Dog to Cesar.
Now thats a bit of an image
shift in my book of references.
Mr. Dog small dog, yes, you
can see the sort of linky there.
Caesar Roman leader
2,000 years ago,
small dog.
Bit of a strangled route
up to that one, isnt it?
Left at the traffic lights to get there
I think thats a 3:00 in the
morning decision, that one.
Its Caesar, well
call it Caesar!
Caesar!
What about?
Yeah, yeah, fucking Caesar!
He was a Roman leader
Yeah, small dogs are
Roman leaders, arent they?
All right, Caesar! But
well drop the a out, right?
Cause it was C-A-E-S-A-R,
for some reason.
I dont think Caesar was
going 2,000 years ago,
I have defeated Pompeii,
Im first Emperor of Rome!
I wear the laurel wreath,
with the front bit bitten out
In 2,000 years time,
I shall be remembered as
a can of small dog food
for small, yappy-type dogs
and I shall be played by
James Mason in the film.
Yes, I shall, I shall
Thats what he used to
do, didnt he, James Mason?
Eh Heres Jimmy!
No, he didnt, thats a lie.
It would have freaked us out if he did!
Ladies and gentlemen, James Mason!
What are you doing, James?
Sorry, forget all that bit;
well cut that out. Now
Oh, yes! And supermarkets, yes
As soon as you go in, have you noticed?
They do psychological tricks on us.
As soon as you go in, you hit
fresh fruit and veg. You noticed that?
Every single time! You
go to France, Germany,
fresh fruit and veg,
and its psychological,
you go in, thinking, This is a
fresh shop! Everything here is fresh!
I will do well here
It is, think about it!
You never go in to the toilet paper section,
with the loo brushes and the squeeze
cause then you go,
This is a poo shop!
Everything here is made of poo!
Im not shopping here,
Im going to Azerbaijan!
I knew I didnt need to mime
any further, you got the drift
Yeah, so and all these
fruits have got vitamins
- vitamin A, of course,
which is good for
vitamin B, which we all
know is very good for
vitamin C is good for scurvy, isnt it?
Yes! Theres a lot of
scurvy around these days
People phone in, I cant come
in to work, Ive got scurvy, yes
Well, I live on a houseboat and
Yeah, frothing at the mouth, yeah
the old Captain Cook problem there
Theyve got vitamin D,
which again is good for
Vitamin E, which is good for skin,
and then thats it, no more vitamins.
The whole vitamin-naming
committee are going, Lets see,
vitamin F. Suggestions?
Oh, fuck it! Im off down the boozer
Azerbaijan.
And all these people made
food, like Granny Smith.
Granny Smith made apples. Who
was this woman, Granny Smith?
My name is Mrs. Smith, Ive made
apples out of bread, a dripping
and a bit of green paint,
and corrugated iron.
No, these are horrible
apples, Mrs. Smith.
Go away, Mrs. Smith! Go away
until your daughter has a baby.
Shag, daughter, shag!
Its a marketing idea, shag for babies!
My daughters had a baby,
Im Granny Smith now!
Come in, Granny Smith!
You a wonderful idea, you!
Come in with your shiny apples.
Brought family member, Mr. Delicious.
Hes got apples Gold
Delicious. Come in, Gold.
King Edward, abdicated the throne,
took up potato-making, there we go
Mrs. Simpson, jewellery
And theres Hitler as well,
they used to hang out together,
and Jeff Bruckley, of
the Bruckley family.
Its all about threes
apples are great,
apples are user-friendly,
just big, hearty
- you grab em, you go...
and then you start to eat them, and
Always do the dog impression first,
and when you get close to the pips
in the middle, you go, Ew!... and
you throw it away,
in case you swallowed a pip and
a tree comes out of your head.
We know this to be true
And oranges! Theres a big war,
dont know if you know,
but theres this sort of internal
war going on between the big,
old-fashioned oranges,
big, fuckoff, kind of
Stalinist, big,
fuckoff kind of oranges,
and the new baby Satsuma,
Minneola, kumquat,
MG
Satsumari, kind of
Big fat war on that, because to eat a
Satsuma, its a piece of piss, you just go...
And you break off these
one by one, dont you?
And youve got so much of it,
and if theres people in the room,
you go, Go on, go on!
Its like a very cheap round, isnt it?
Go on, Satsuma for everyone!
And if youre the other person in the room,
you go, No, no Well, all right, yeah
Thank you very much. Yeah
So Satsumas are great,
eatings a piece of piss,
but you cant do it with an orange.
You go, You want a bit of orange?
Ive got fucking ell!
Cant fucking hell
Cause inside an orange -
its like the film Das Boot in there!
With Jrgen Prochnov going, Dont
let them get in to the orange!
Its most important! Or the juice
will get out, and itll not be good.
Theyre breaking in with
fingers, depth charges!
Let the peel come off
only in small chunks!
Shit!
Jesus Christ!
Theyre breaking in! Push all the pips
into bits they wouldnt expect, thatll do!
'Cause it is! Theres no chance
of someone eating an orange, going,
Hey! Youre very nice
Theres not a chance of someone
who speaks like that anyway
So oranges can fuck
off, thats what I say!
And pears can fuck off too! Cause
theyre gorgeous little beasts,
but theyre ripe for half an
hour and youre never there!
Theyre like a rock, or theyre mush!
In the supermarket, people
are hammering in nails
Were just putting these shelves
up, mate, then you can have the pear.
Really, cause you do do that
squeezy-squeezy thing on fruit,
where you go Oh..! Squeezy, oh
Its a test- squeezy thing,
that youve seen French chefs
do on telly. Oh, squeezy, oh
But I have no frame of
reference, so Im going, Oh
Is that good?
Im squeezing it about this
much is that a good squeezy?
Cause it seems like such an
expert thing! They seem to go
This one! They dont even look
at it, they just Sometimes they go
Oh, shit!
No, its got a hole in it,
Im not really
Or just put it on the end of a
broom Yeah its the manager!
So fuck pears Pears are
like a rock, so you think,
Ill take them home and theyll ripen up,
and you put them in a bowl, and they
sit there going, No! No!
Dont ripen yet! Dont ripen yet!
Wait till he goes out of the room!
Ripen now! Now! Now!
And you come back in, and you
go, Ill just have one of these
Hey, these pears are dead!
These are dead pears, man.
Hey, what happened guys?
Theyre all going
And then theres banana skins as well.
Theres bananas and their skins;
theres all this sort of
slipping on a banana skin
and hilarity thats been
around for many years.
Now I dont know about you,
but Ive never actually, in my life,
ever seen anyone actually
slip on a banana skin in reality.
Ive never seen documentary footage
of anyone slipping on a banana skin;
Ive heard the stories, oh,
yes! People have told me stories
The Nazis did propaganda
So its all those fruits there,
and theres South African fruit we can
have now, without going, Oh, the guilt!
And star fruit, which are from Mars!
So its great, youve got all these
fruits, and you get a selection,
you take it home, you
arrange it in a bowl
and then you watch it rot!
You never eat it, really
Occasionally, you go up to it,
and go "Ah I dont think I will.
Ooh, a Mars bar, there we go!
Oh, Im full-up now!
And they all rot from
the bottom up, you go
Except for the oranges, that
sit in the back and go, No!
You chuck all the rest away, and
the oranges are sitting there, going
for months it sits there
in a Stalinist kind of way. So, yeah
And theres also labels in supermarkets;
youve got labels on the
food stuff now, so you can-
it says Four grams of
protein, you go, Ah!
Is that good?
Is that far too little protein?
Is it youre gonna die of protein
shortage, or youre gonna overdose on it?
0.02 milligrams of sodium.
Sodium explodes in water.
Do I need 0.02 milligrams of that?
Calcium - can you overdose on calcium?
Can you go
Well, I think theres too much calcium in
your diet. Yes, thats what I thought.
Are you eating a lot
of chalk salad? Yeah
So you make your choices
of stuff in the supermarket,
and you go down to where the queues are,
and theres 30, 40, maybe
a million queues there!
And you always choose one of those aisles
- when youre walking down,
its kind of enclosed in the aisle,
isnt it? Theres all this stuff there,
and suddenly... Its out,
and theres all the queues,
and you know youve got 30 seconds to
choose your queue, and youre going
Were all very good at queue
strategy now, have you noticed?
No one taught us this, we just go Were
going, Okay, 4, 4 looks pretty good
7. No, no, quite a few people, all
hand baskets. Hand baskets are good
Itll move fast. 17 just opened! You take
the French bread, you go on 17! Im on 4.
Keep in touch, keep in touch.
Whoever gets there first,
well join and we get out, OK?
Dropout on 7! Im on 7!
Shit, theyre paying with
Luncheon vouchers! Im back on 4!
Ive lost 4! You bastard!
I left my aura there
Always a good one
unless you get a ticket for parking.
Your aura is parked
there. Oh, sorry.
Youre fine, usually, in the queue,
until you see someone about three
meters behind you pull up in a queue,
and then theres a bit of a
delay, and theyre almost paying!
Theyre almost out! And
youre going, Come on! Come on,
theres a war on, you know?
And the new queue, thats what Im
always looking for, the new queue;
that is the end of the
rainbow, thats where
all the gold in the world
is stacked, the new queue!
Cause you could be fifth, sixth
in that sort of 15-minute queue,
and New queue! Youre in there!
And the fastest, the most
agile, the keen minds are there,
and youre looking in advance
for potential new queues.
People around the
till, putting money in,
and as soon as you see
it going on the till
But not too obvious, otherwise
everyone else in the queue sees you
so you just keep one eye on it, and try
Look over there! Theres a
badger with a gun! Can you see?
Surely hes going to kill new queue!
But then youre not sure - are they
opening? Are they just mending the till?
And you you dont want to Oh,
youre not? Oh, I was there! was there!
You can take all your clothes off
and put them on a string, and then
Oh, youre not? Okay.
Depends on what youre
wearing, of course.
A lot of you applaud, going, Yeah!
Oh, that wasnt that good, was it?
But theyve the beeping
machines these days!
Theres a bar code on all the stuff,
and theres a little sort of star-shaped
thing, and they just show it to it.
Like the machine is going, Yes,
all right Yes, thats still fine.
And it must get boring!
All day and the excitement...
that never happens...
is when it goes
Fucking make the
noise! Its some thing!
The machine is going, No, Im bored
- Oh, go on! Make the noise!
- No, I dont want to
Ill read it at you. Thick one,
thin one, thick one, thin one
thick, thick, thin
are you getting this? Thin
Oh, forget it! Ill just type out...
the handy 50-digit number,
Ill be with you in a second.
So much more efficient these days!
And you realize two sea anemones
have taken over your hands
sometimes.
Late night shopping in local
petrol stations, thats a form of
20th. Century shopping that I
dont think anyone would have
thought it was gonna happen.
And youre there, at 3:00AM,
especially in inner cities, this is
3:00AM, youre at the petrol station,
theres a guy behind bullet-proof
glass, slumped over a desk, dead!
Or asleep, youre not sure,
you dont care; even if he is
dead, youre going, Wake up!
I want groceries
And he wakes up, and you go,
Oh, sorry, mate, sorry, I
just want o, I dont have a car
I dont have a car.
I do not have a car.
Theres a big communication
problem, isnt there?
Theyve built this bullet-proof
glass, and its sound proof!
Try to talk through the thing
I dont want any
Some brown bread, I just
want some brown bread.
Yeah, brown bread.
Right over there, brown
No, thats diesel oil
Brown bread, brown
Two words, brown bread.
First word, sounds like brown.
Brown! Brown bread!
3:00 in the morning, and you get into this,
and theres a queue forming behind you
No, its brown bread, brown 
A queue of murderers!
With different weapons!
Someone on a camel about here
people from Star Trek down here
And youre going,
Yeah, the brown bread!
Get the brown bread, man!
Just get it quickly!
Youre trying to give real
fuckoff vibes around here,
so that no one hassles you.
Yeah, bread for my bread gun!
Give me the bread!
What? Shredded wheat? Thats fine!
Ill eat that shredded fuck it!
Ill put marmalade on it, its fine.
And a packet of Rizzlers, thanks.
"Why do I want them?"
"I
Im a stamp collector,
and Ive run out of stamps,
so I thought...
Id get those clippy,
plain ones, you know?
Where you can draw
your own stamp in on it.
Fucking give it to me!
Then they do the dance of the tray
Aah! My hand! Thank
you. Can I have a bag?
Then they put this very thin bag
in, the thinnest bag in the world.
So thin, youre surprised
you get everything into it
Then you go off, and the whole
queue follows you. Follow him!
He speaks in sentences.
No, no, you must hassle him now.
He has the groceries.
Oh, groceries! Yeah, yeah
Hello, were murderers.
A Twix, please.
And theyre behind
bullet-proof glass there,
because, you know, its late at night,
people are hassling them,
if they go in the shop,
they try to nick stuff
And I must admit, I got caught
nicking stuff when I was 15,
and I was nicking makeup,
back in Boots in
Bexhill-On-Sea.
I couldve bought it, I couldve
saved up and bought it, but I thought,
if I bought it, someone might say,
Hey, youre a boy buying makeup!
You must be a trans-vestite!
And then Id have to
go, Oh, Sherlock Holmes!
How did you get to the
bottom of that one, you big,
deer-stalker, weird,
fucking hat person?
Four dog ears!
Why is it called a deer stalker? Anyone
stalking a deer now, the deer would go
Theres a guy out there with four dog
ears, with two strings hanging off.
Im a deer stalker!
Thats a deer-stalker!
Dont know why, just
a stupid hat, I think.
Anyway, so I didnt buy
the makeup, I nicked it!
And I had a loaf of brown bread,
so I put it under this brown bread,
and I run out of the shop and down
Bexhill High Street, and they caught me!
But I was 15, so they let me
off with a warning, which was,
This lipstick is not gonna work
with this eye-shadow, no way!
Thats light blue,
thats a death colour!
You want a bit of foundation in this,
thats very cheap foundation. Oh
Thats a warning! Oh,
thank you, Chief Constable.
Also, I got done for
jumping a 20p tube fare!
This is my whole crime sheet, right?
Which is quite an interesting read 20p!
This is not Don Corleone,
this is Don Crap.
I jumped a 20p underground tube fare,
and I was waving a pass at the time,
you know, it was drawn
on a Rizzler or something;
it was a Bishop of Durham pass.
Im the Bishop of Durham
Oh, bless you, my son.
And the guy said, Youre not Bishop of
Durham! He wears a bigger hat than that!
So he got me. I got
him! I got the 20p kid!
Youve caused us 1.60 worth of
trouble, you have, in your time.
Ive got him and Ill be promoted
in the underground system.
Ill get my own darkness!
Then an off-duty policeman came,
and he had a pot plant and a camera,
on his way home for a good night
photographing pot plants, I suppose
This is all bizarre, but true;
this is what he had, and he said,
Ive got him too! Oh, Ill get
promoted King of Metropolitan Police!
And I thought, Im going down for 20p!
No, Im gonna run for it! Ill run for it
like Mel Gibson in the film Gallipoli,
and other people in running films.
So I run, and I run,
and I run, and I run,
and after five inches, they caught me
They called for backup, and now
20 policemen are coming down,
thousands of pounds worth of police
work Weve got the 20p kid!
20ps are safe from now on And three
policemen pulled me for five minutes!
I dont know if youve ever had this,
they grab one leg each, and I dont know
obviously, they were working together;
they thought I was struggling like
crazy, Id given up at this point.
one over here was going, Dont
struggle, there! Dont struggle!
People over here going, Eh!
Dont you fuckin struggle!
So it was a continuous machine of
them pulling against each other,
had one hand free, I was
going, Hi! How are you?
Ill talk about this in many years
And then they put me in
Bower Street overnight,
and that became assaulting
a police officer!
Surely it was stretching a pedestrian!
It was! I got down for assault,
and I was running away!
Assault is motion towards, I feel
it takes an accusative.
Very rarely in war, they go,
Assault that hill over there!
Let me do a bit of stretching here
I should have been done for
deserting a police officer.
Theres a shop in South London which
was a very its still there, apparently.
Its in Tooting High Street, and
it sells two very disparate items.
On one side of the shop they put
them on different sides, its great!
One side is guns, and
knives, and harpoons
and fucking
- really mean fucking weapons.
On the other side, theres
banjos, and violins, and bassoons,
And you know about it, dont
you? Yeah! Its fucking there!
And whats the guy doing?
Oh, were way down in weaponry,
but up on banjos this week
Thats good, people are getting
lighter these days, in tough times.
They shift to music like crazy at
the moment! Way down on bassoons!
hat, is this mad guy going
Someone browsing around
An Uzi machine gun, slices a man in
two, 200 rounds a minute, or a banjo!
A ukulele, like George Foreman.
You remember that famous fight,
George Foreman against Muhammad Ali?
That was very A dyslexic promoter
put it on, and it was brilliant
Im gonna kill him,
Im gonna kill him
Hey, turn that 
Hey! Oh, its a big bugger!
Who put me up for this gig?
Fucking ell!
The trainer comes up,
Youre doing well, youre doing well!
Hes fucking hitting me!
~ Neverthless Youre doing
well, youre doing well! ~
My ukulele is smashed.
Im going to that gun shop!
Guns & Banjos
interesting band. Now
It was a very wide reactiish thing.
Well cut this.
No, theyre gonna leave it in!
You noticed that when people say, Oh,
well cut this, its always left in there?
Anyway
Oh, I forgot my rest of
the show! How does it go?
Oh, emergency joke:
two men went into a pub
and they totally redecorated
it! It was brilliant!
Its an old joke
Oh, yeah, musical instruments!
I played the clarinet, right?
I wanted to play the piano,
but somehow I got a clarinet.
I dont know quite how that worked
Five people can play the
clarinet in the world,
and they make quite a beautiful, wooden
Its just a wooden noise, it floats
Thats not the noise, is
it? Its like a clarinet,
but I played it like
a foghorn being dragged
through a place where
foghorns shouldnt be dragged.
It was just it was bad noise.
And if youre an adult, and
youre playing a musical instrument,
youre probably making
some of this sound,
cause you want to play it,
your heart is in it,
youve gotta have feeling, you gotta go
You cant paint a picture
if you dont want to
Oh its the Eiffel Tower! You know
This is a splotch. Its the Eiffel
Tower. Youve gotta be in there.
Now, if youre a kid playing a
musical instrument, theres probably
a certain element of parental
pressure thats going in there.
Yes, little Johnnie, you
should play the violin,
because I never had the
chance when I was a child.
Well, youve got the chance
now, why dont you learn it now?
No No, I dont think I will.
I have to watch telly
and drive cars now,
its the pressure of being an adult.
But I dont wanna learn! I want to
go and smash things with hammers!
Yes, I know, but if you were musical,
oh, the world would be wonderful,
and I would hear the wonderful noise
Oh, fucking ell!
So the kid goes, All right, Ill learn
the violin, but you wont like it!
Ill make a bad noise!
Practicing
Oh, fucking ell!
The violin like this,
the cello is slightly bigger, with
a spike on the bow that kills you,
and the double bass you have
to rest on a friend to play
I played the clarinet.
And if you play a musical instrument; if
youre a kid and play a musical instrument,
you want to play sexy tunes, dont you?
I want to play sexy tunes!
I want to play tunes so that other
kids at school come up and say,
Hey, hes playing sexy tunes!
People who I fancy say, We must
dance provocatively in front of him,
like they do in films
we dont believe.
Playing the clarinet...
We will shag him as
soon as we know how.
That was where you
wanted to go, wasnt it?
You wanted everyone to go, Oh,
wow, what a hip fucking dancey tune
But all the music lessons
just make you learn dirge!
I was learning from this book
called A Tune A Day, and
This tune is called
Snug As A Bug In A Rug.
So, is this a sexy
tune, Mrs. Badcrumble?
I just dont think, Mrs. Badcrumble,
that this is really gonna be a sexy tune.
No, its a totally sexy
tune on the clarinet!
I made love to this tune with my
husband in 1481, Ill have you know
You did? Its a very sexy tune?
All right, Ill have a go. Here we go
At what point did you
orgasm during this song,
Mrs. Badcrumble?
All through it, it was multiple!
They hadnt been invented
in 1481, but I got there
on a hang-glider.
Youre fucking nuts!
The clarinets got a
wooden reed at the back,
and you have to push
it, you have to make
its not an ambesure, which is
something else, its a kind of vegetable
that flute players have to deal with
and if youre making a sound,
you squeak.
After a while, I was practicing and
my Dad was going, Stop practicing!
You sound crap!
I have bought a hammer!
You may borrow it if you wish!
Oh, it was a dreadful, fucking noise!
And the clarinets like that,
but the oboe has two bits of
wooden reed pushed together,
you have to
Its designed not to let any sound in!
Its like trying to blow in a weasel!
The tuba! Who chooses to play a tuba?
Surely a tuba is a punishment
thing, surely its community service.
Youve been sentenced to three
years on the tuba. Oh, God!
Who wants to make
Its got a huge horn, you
can get a child in there!
The trumpets okay, but it makes
your cheeks go out to hamster-size;
theres a thing called a triangle,
its just a triangle, it goes ting!
Forget it, just with
your mouth, go ting!
The percussionists
Wheres your fucking
triangle? Oh, grow up!
They do that, people
play these big cauldrons
its like doing it too loud
Yeah, true story
So theres all these instruments,
and I played third clarinet, right?
In the school band.
The first clarinets played the melody,
thats okay, you know
where youre going;
second clarinets played harmonies that
back up the melody and sort of link, okay;
third clarinets played the
notes that are left over!
We were just going...
Its boring! The only exciting way
to do it is really blow it loud!
The teacher is going, Piano! Piano!
You go, Its not a fucking piano!
Its a clarinet...
you weird-talking person.
And then it was
These strange, fucking noises,
and the teacher is going,
Oh, this is a God-awful band!
I know, Ill get the
parents to listen to this.
Then maybe theyll kill em!
And a big sign went up 
School Band Will Play Tunes!
And no one from the local
town came, no hip people said,
Hey, were going down the
school, theyre gonna play a gig
Im gonna
stage-dive on the bassoon player
Just the parents came,
and sat down, going
Oh, theyre gonna kill us!
Were crap!
he teacher gets up, The school band
will now murder O Come All Ye Faithful.
The song has been arranged with
no real care.
Helmets will be worn
during the production.
Go!
Weasel, weasel.
Hamster...
Parents are going, Oh my God!!
We have spawned the devil!
Lets go and find hammers for them.
Poetry! Poetry is very similar to music,
only less notes and more words.
And there was a Scottish
poet called Robbie Burns-
Robbie Burns to Scottish people,
Robbie Burns to English people,
and Rabbi Burns to Jewish people
who turn up at his door and say,
What is the Hebrew translation?
I dont know, Im a poet,
I dont know this go away.
Are you trick or treat?
I need the translation
And he wrote poetry, he wrote
a big fucking book of poetry,
but one of his most famous lines is
The Best Laid Plans O'
Mice and Men Aft Gang Aglay,
meaning The best laid plans
of mice and men often go wrong.
And because its poetry, people go,
Oh, I know what you mean there, Robbie,
yes Fucking plans ganging aglay...
by a fucking truckload
And being a poet, he must have
observed humanity, must have said,
Men. Men make plans.
These plans go wrong.
Go wrong once, twice often!
Often, a number of
plans Ive seen go wrong
Possible idea for a poem
And then he must have turned
his attention to the other...
animal mentioned in
that line of poetry.
If you think back to it, The
best laid plans of mice and men
Exactly which mice plans was
he really honing in here on?
The best laid ones go aglay, some
of the worse laid ones are okay?
Some of them get through? He
was fucking off this trolley!
See, mice also make plans,
unbeknownst to most people.
They plan to get cheese!
They run, they scamper
Oh, ones fallen over!
No cheese today
Oh, plan two: theyve got
three, another ones got a stick,
hes gonna put the
stick into the mousetrap
No, hes broken the
stick! What a jessie!
Plan three Oh, theyve got
a flip chart now! Very serious
theres a lot of mise surrounding the
meeting, and theyre having a discussion
Oh, good plan this, probably!
Their best laid plan, I believe
I could just hear what theyre saying.
One mouse is going,You arent
supposed to blow the bloody doors off!
Told you about that
What are you doing, coming in
here, and making such a fracas?
Now tell me the plan.Well, well
drive the Minis into the square
No, piazza.
Oh, its piazza, Charlie?
And we load the cheese
in the back of the Minis,
and we drove it at you
during a football match.
Thats right. Wallop, wallop, wallop,
into the big coach driven by William,
rounding in the Alps, and were free.
And youre sitting in the back,
and youre not having a migraine,
and youre gonna shut your face.
All right, Charlie.
Meanwhile, back in London, the Chief
Mouse is talking to the prison governor-
Somebody has broken into my toilet.
Well, Im terribly sorry.
Get on to Camp Freddy, I want Charlie
Crocker given a good going-over.
So if you havent seen The Italian Job
this is all meaningless, by the way,
but then, if you havent seen it,
you probably havent lived Yes, yes
And sayings as well!
Sayings are very interesting...
cause theyre based on truth, then they
have got a bit of old wives tale on top,
then a bit of a hazy
farther, a bit of uncle banana...
and then youve ice-cream
on top, and its just rubbish!
I mean, like He doesnt
suffer fools gladly. We go...
Who does suffer fools gladly?!
How often you can go, Hello!
Ive got a pig in me trousers!
Come in!
Come in, you fool!
That pig sounds like a dog.
No, its a pig; I just cant
be bothered to do the impression.
Can my friend come in?
Hes got jam for brains
Yes, come in, you fool!
The other saying was
what was the other saying?
Oh, yes, Go and teach your
grandmother to suck eggs.
What on Earth is that one about?
Youve got a lot of free-range eggs,
All right, Gran, Im gonna
teach you to suck eggs.
Im not gonna suck eggs, Im not!
You piss off, you young children!
Theres a mouse here
making a plan, you see?
Planning to scale the
Eiffel Tower on a bat
Why are you Scottish, Gran?
I dont know
Ive been taken over
by Mrs. Badcrumble.
Oh, my hairnet! Its coming off
The hair thieves are upon us!
Now we do have haircuts,
dont we? Humans have haircuts,
and sheep have haircuts, and poodles,
and theyre the only three
animals in the entire world,
in the universe, as we
know, to have haircuts.
This is true, you dont get ants going,
You dont get lions going,
Ill go and get that antelope
Jesus Christ!
Ill put it in bunches, right?
The antelopes going, Theres a huge
girl with big teeth coming after me!
Run! Run!
The last one was the butterfly
Which is a pointless
swimming stroke, isnt it?
Remember when you had to stand
back in the swimming bars,
and some big, fucking kid came
through doing the butterfly?
You just wanted to hit him with a
floater. Fuck off with your butterfly!
Fucking show-off! We cant even
do doggy-paddle yet! Bastard!
Anyway, we do get haircuts,
and sheep get haircuts.
Some sheep must be going
into that shearing shed,
going, Hi, can I get
a coffee? Thanks.
Yeah, a little bit off the
top, loose down the back,
and sort of wedge-shaped,
thats quite in at the moment.
Thatd be great, thank you thank you
Well, its not
quite what I was after
Do you have a hairnet?
Ive done a bit of Latin in me time,
but I can control it, you know.
I never let it get out of
hand, I just have a dealer and
he sells me Latin transcripts,
and you know, Okay
so that late at night you just feel
like translating Latin for a bit,
upstairs, smoking in the coats room.
I dont know what
Im talking about now.
No, I did, I did Latin, I learnt Amo,
amas, amat Amo, amas, amatis, amant,
and it comes in handy. Yes!
Sometimes youre queuing at a petrol
station at 3:00 A.M. in the morning,
and theres a line of
murderers behind you,
and you turn around and go, Amo,
amas, amat! Amo, amas, amatis, amant!
and they go, Fuck! He knows Latin!
He knows a dead language! Run!
Head for the hills!
Head for Azerbaijan!
Run down the Fort Court!
Yeah, I remember you did
it as an option, yeah
And the teachers with options
were, Yeah, learn Latin!
Youll get the whole underlying knowledge
of all the European languages!
Why dont we just learn the
European languages, then?
Thats a good point, yes
Its very rare youre at Frankfurt
airport and someones going,
Ja mein Herr, was ist los? and
youre going: Sprechen Sie Latin?
Pugnato sum et kumquat and romanes
avec gallum et pugnato fish..
Ja, ja, aber was ist los?
I dont know,
I dont know,
what ist los? Do tell me
So I dont think its very useful today,
really,
and they had language labs! Language
labs came in when I was at school,
and that was great; you get in that
little cubicle, had a tape going around,
the headphones on,
and the tape would go,
"O est la plume de ma tante?
Monsieur, o est la plume de ma tante?
And youd go, La plume de ma tante
est prs de la chaise de ma tante
as well you know
And the tape would go: Oui!
Oui, la plume de ma tante est
prs de la chaise de ma tante."
Youd go, How does this tape
know what Im talking about?
And the tape would continue,
O est la plume de mon oncle?
And youd go, La plume de mon
oncle est bingy bongy boogy bongy
And the tape would go, Non!
Pas du tout!
La plume de mon oncle nest
pas bingy bongy boogy bongy 
quest-ce que vous dtes?
Vous tes un putain!
Je ne suis pas un putain.
Je navais pas le sexe pour largent 
quest-ce que vous
dtes, vous cassette?
And the tape would go, Oh, oh pardon.
Je suis dsol, vous avez raison.
je suis seulement un pauvre cassette.
'Sous la chaise, je
n'avais pas les pantalons'
Oh, its an old song! Yeah
I did an exchangeship with France;
yeah, the teacher at my school
said, Do you want one of ours?
Hes already loaded into the tuba.
And I went to a place called Chlons-
Sur-Marne, its on the river Marne,
otherwise itd be
Chlons-Sur no, nothing.
Its in the Champagne region of France,
which is North North-East,
and champagne is going
on there all the time.
They have loads of champagne,
and they celebrate all the time.
Youve crossed the road? Champagne!
Youve walked out of a shop? Champagne!
You can lean over a bit
like this? Champagne!
Big occasions You had
a baby? Here's the beer.
So its a bit of a
functional French town,
every countrys got a bit of oh!
Emotionally linked with Felix, though
And we were shown around
places of interest...
in Chlons-Sur-Marne; we were
shown around the
glue factory, you know.
When youre a kid, you go, Oui, oui,
le le usine de glue. Cest trs bien.
'Voici l'usine de glue.'
'Voici la porte de l'usine de glue.
'Merde.'
So we went around,
they showed us glue...
one pot, they lifted the lid,
there was just glue going around,
'Oui, c'est trs bien.'
And we ended up in a boardroom, and
a bloke with a flipchart was saying,
Voici lusine de glue.
Cest le flipchart et
quest-ce que cest?
Le fromage? Les souris?
Le Job Italian! Quest-ce
que Le Job Italian?
Qui est Charlie Croker?
Camp Freddy?
Mr Bridger
Sorry, just gave you the whole
list there. The cast list.
So he said, Oui, oui, cest
lusine de glue. Ah ici, cest
Ah, the glue making process, okay.
Ici un cheval, pas de glue,
un cheval, pas de glue,
pas de cheval, beaucoup de glue!
Oh, cest merde pour le
cheval! Oui, cest merde
And it was an exchange trip, so we
had to be re-exchanged, you know,
and this all took place in the
cross-Channel ferry, like it does.
And all my teachers went down, we all
went down on to the car deck, and...
my teachers switched on
the lights of their Rover
and the Chlons teachers switched
on the lights of their Citren.
All my teachers got out with
cricket bats and tennis rackets
And all the Chlons teachers got
out with French sporting equipment
a set of bulls.
And my head teacher is going,
Send the English kid over!
So I was pushed off with
a load of French bread
Cest un cadeau, un
cadeau! Oh, merci, merci
And the French kid was coming
over with a load of Brillo pads
Oui, oui, cest un
cadeau de les anglais.
Cest le shredded wheat.
Ils sont trs generous, nest-ce pas?
Oui, oui, on peut le manger. Oui,
un peu de lait, un peu de sucre
Et on mange, mange, mange, mange,
mange, mange, mange, mange, mange,
et aprs, pas de dents!
If you dont understand French, by
the way, all of this is very funny,
I assure it.
But were Europeans,
we can swing with it.
I did German tapes as well!
Big drop in your understanding.
The tapes going round and saying, Wo ist
das Kind, mein Herr? Wo ist das Kind?
And Id go, Das Kind
ist in dem Flughaben
as well you know!
And the tape would go, Ja, das Kind
IST in dem Flughaben. Aber warum?
Well, Im not really sure
Perhaps he likes the airplanes.
And then we did Latin tapes as
well, we did bloody Latin tapes,
and they were just lies.
It was pure lies because no one
knew what the bloody accent was.
They were trying to get you to learn
the Latin accent, and they had NO IDEA!
Because everyone was
dead, its a dead language;
the Romans, for all they knew, could
have said, Hello, were the Romans!
Hello, were the Romans.
Were the Romans.
"Hello."
Were the Romans, we want to come in
your country and take all your things.
They had no idea, so
they lied,
and they made up all this Roman accent,
which was kind of floaty,
it was Puella est in cana.
And that was too floaty for me, because
this is a very aggressive nation, very...
I mean, they werent into
democracy and diplomacy,
cause they were Greek words,
and theyd invaded them
They went round, invading countries,
with organized men with stabby swords,
stab, stab, stab
I just dont think they went
into Gaul, going, Hello
Are you the people of Gaul?
Wonderful! Well, we are the Romans.
Yes, we are. And...
you must be Chief
Vercingtorix, is that right?
No, I recognize you from
the Asterix books.
Well, were the Romans, I am a
legionary; this is our leader, Mr. Dog.
Mr. Dog's going, Yes, I am.
And a word with you,
legionary, if I may
Thinking of changing
the name, I am
Changing it from Mr. Dog to Cesar.
Had a word with
the marketing department
the marketing department of Rome,
and its Mr. Cesar
Oh, Im getting off this see-saw!
Its boring.
Bring me my horse,
thank you very much!
There we go, thats much better
Have we got steel radials
on the back of this?
Yeah Roman history was
fascinating because...
2,000 years ago they
murdered and killed a lot of people!
But 2,000 years ago,
forgive and forget, eh?
Let bygones be beegones.
Whatever a bygone is
Thats another saying, isnt it?
Let bygones be bygones.
Whats a bygone?
Well, its a gone
Oh, its a thing
thats gone by, isnt it?
Forget it.
That makes sense
So some sayings are true!
So what you do is you hit someone,
Why the fuck did you do that for?
Oh, its a bygone!
Its already done, its been done
No use crying over bygones.
Look, the bygones are coming!
Its the fucking invasion
of the bygones!
Thats quite good, isnt it?
Invasion of the bygones!
Theyre all going,
Look, its no bother, really.
Thats a very British invasion.
Im terribly sorry, weve
overstayed our welcome.
We used to be imperialist bastards,
but now were just coming
quite politely. Hello
Yes! Back in Roman times,
when people died, they had
professional mourners come in,
which is a totally weird idea.
My husband is dead
Mr. Claudius is dead. Oh, God!
Which god? Oh,
Jove! By Jove, hes dead!
Tragedy Not the other god
that youre thinking about.
Ill try this again
Oh, my husband is dead!
Fuck it! Forget the whole thing.
Re-cut. No.
My husband is
dead, Mr. Claudius is dead
And theres not enough grief!
Theres not enough grief in
this house to warrant his death,
I wish to beef up the grief!
Slave, get a message out to
Mourners-R-Us, will you?
Tell them I wish to beef up the grief!
Yes, let bygones be bygones.
Heres 10 denary for your trouble,
and get them straight back here, slave.
What do you think youre doing?
And up will come a very smooth guy,
Good afternoon, Im Mr. Marcellus.
Im from Mourners-R-Us.
Just a free sample there. Now
Thats very impressive!
Yes... I told you...
We can do both hands, ambidextrous.
Oh, Mr. Claudius
is dead, what a tragedy!
A great man - was he a great man?
I hope he was, yeah
A great big man, anyway.
Well, we have several
funerals on offer this week,
we have a special on,
the cheap one - we call it
Oh, bum, hes dead! funeral.
Its our bargain, 25 denary, and
thats just Mr. Claudius out front,
and just myself about 10 meters
behind, just a little bit pissed off.
Oh, bum! Thats the Oh,
Bum! funeral,
not much bother, shove him
in the ground, no problem.
For a full 50 denary, we
got myself and Flavius here,
at either side of the funeral cortge,
slightly more geared up, slightly more,
Oh! Tragedy! Tragedy!
He was a great man We
could have a CV at this point
Oh, he made jam
played the
ukulele, all these things
in the George Foreman quartet
and well poke people with sticks
to make them cry more.
Go on, cry, you bastards!
Thats our 50 denary.
And for a full 100 denary, you get all
four of us carry the deceased along,
and then we gently lower him
into the ground on straps
and then well twang him into a tree!
That end bit isnt
really authentic, is it?
But just to tail off the whole piece,
so I started twanging him into trees!
And it gets a big laugh,
and then I carry on
Thats comedy for you!
But were kind of lugubrious about, you
know, funerals and people dying, and...
we always mourn the death
throughout, when celebrating the life...
is a different attitude.
And I think, twang em
into trees! Thats what I say.
Wouldnt you rather die
and be twang into a tree?
The jury is out for
that one, you know
Just think about it,
give a lot of fun to people
Oh, it didnt! Bring it back,
bring it back Come on!
Duel funerals
Funerals on bonfire night
Its an option, we can go that way
if we want to. So, yeah
Also, back in Roman times,
Pliny The Younger wrote letters.
He was a letter-writer,
its a great bloody profession, isnt it?
Oh, Im gonna write some letters today...
April 7th
Hed just write postcards, ello. Bye!
Cause people do write really
crap postcards, you know.
Im here. Youre
not. Bye!
Or you start getting interesting,
just at the bottom of the postcard,
and you start writing all along
Anyway, I dont know that Pliny did
postcards, but he wrote from Vesuvius;
he was at Mt. Vesuvius
when it erupted,
on the West coast
of Italy, back in A.D.
which is a wary man.
No, it was 80-79, right?
So thats kind of the time
period, and he was there.
Dear Father, I am here at
Vesuvius, it is erupting as I speak.
Fucking ell!!!
Get me
out of here!!
The tops come off the mountain!
Theres stuff everywhere!
Send ships and big ships.
Send fucking dogs
Get on to Mr. Dog,
tell them to send people
Apart from that
everythings gorgeous.
Got a great tan,
even though we all have it
cause were in Italy.
Love and kisses, Pliny the Younger.
P.S.: Nothing.
Yeah And St. Paul,
he wrote letters, didnt he?
St. Pauls Letter to the Corinthians.
Always writing to the Corinthians.
St. Pauls letter to the Corinthians
Chapter 1 Verses 1 to 53.
Dear Corinthians,
as you can tell from my preamble,
its gonna be quite a long
letter.
Here we go:
Dont do bad things,
only do good things.
Always treat your neighbour like
someone who lives near to you.
Never put a sock in a toaster.
Never put jam on a magnet.
Never throw your Granny in a bag.
Never suck all the juice
out of a vampire.
Never lean over on Tuesday
Lots of other things, but I gotta
go and have a Mars bar now.
Love, Paul (Saint).
Is that how he wrote his name?
Paul (Saint).
B.A. honours.
Yeah, so he wrote this All
right, thats the end of the letter
The Corinthians
Corinth.
They mustve been real fucked off
over in Corinth, dont you think?
The postman going, Come on, one of
you Corinthians, gotta take this letter.
Oh, fuck off! Thats from
old mourner St. Paul, isnt it?
No I dont want it, I dont want it!
You gotta take it. Come on,
I gotta have a signature for it.
Oh, fuck off! It says the CorinthianS
,plural. Ask someone else.
Oh, give it here.
What does it say? Dont do this,
dont do that
Never put a sock in a toaster?
Jam on a magnet Ooh, hes
lost his brain, aint he?
Whose idea was it to be a pen-pal
with St. Paul anyway?
That fucking backfired, didnt it?
Hes supposed to stop doing it at
about 15, hes been doing it for years
Come on, Corinthians,
come on, general meeting.
Were gonna write a letter back
to him, stop all this rubbish.
The Corinthians Letter
Back to St. Paul,
Chapter 1- Verses 1 to a million.
More letters to follow.
Tuesday 28th...
of something.
Dear Paul (Saint, apparently),
FUCK OFF!
Just fu- who are you?
Why do you keep sending these letters?
You arrogant bastard, you send
a letter to an entire city!
What do you want us to do, put
these up in a board or something?
Just fuck off!
Youre coming on like
Alistair Cooke, for fucks sake!
Never put a sock in a toaster,
whats all that about?
You daft git!
Love and kisses, the
Corinthians.
Kiss, kiss Steve the Corinthian, Fred
the Corinthian, George the Corinthian
There we go St. Paul
Outside Corinth
And the Carthaginians as well!
Oh, they gave the Romans hell!
Because they attacked
Rome, the Carthaginians did,
over the Alps on elephants
and the Romans were
never expecting that.
The Romans were there, going, What?
The Carthaginians attacking?
God! I knew it!
What? Attacking over the Alps?
Damn! I knew theyd do that!
What?
Theyre coming on elephants?
Where did they get the elephants?
There arent any elephants in Europe!
This Ive gotta see
Are you sure?
You sure its just not a typo mistake?
The Carthaginians are attacking, theyre
coming over the Alps in their element?
Happy, you know?
Theyre coming on fucking elephants
They werent gonna, you know, they
were gonna come on skis, of course.
That was the way in
down the fucking Alps.
But their leader, Hannibal,
and his brothers,
Hasdrubal, Haveaball and Haveabanana,
whose real name was,
whoa! Have a banana
And Hannibal went to the shop,
and said, Skis for all my men!
Were gonna attack the
Romans over the Alps.
And the guy said,
Sorry, I didnt catch that.
Were gonna attack the
Romans over the Alps, in fact.
Oh, all right. Well, fresh
out of skis at the moment.
The last pair just went to someone.
Oh thats a bummer.
Weve got some elephants, though
Are they good at skiing?
Oh, tops!
Top skiers there
Cause elephants were much more
lithe back in Roman times,
much more like Austrian
skiing instructors are today
Off the tops of those
roofs of chalets
What about the people who
lives in those wooden huts?
Fuck off my roof!
Stop skiing off my roof,
you bastards!
Bloody elephants!
All my life living at Heathrow,
coming out here
fucking ell!
Bit of peace of quiet and whoom!
Fucking elephants on my roof!
Sorry about that, Mrs. Badcrumble!
Anyway So you think I should
take up the clarinet, do you?
Yes, I do, I think itd be very good.
Mr. Cesar here has been learning
the clarinet for some time now.
Yes, I have, its a very good
instrument
Its very sexy.
Im learning Snig as a Bug in a Rig.
Isnt that Snug as a Bug in a Rug?
Yes.
Well, Ill go on, Mrs. Badcrumble.
I mean, you know, Im just
Why am I Australian, by the way?
I dont know.
My country hasnt
even been invented yet
except by the indigenous
tribes who lives there
Whoa, there we go!
I dont know what
all that bits about
Sorry about
living here in this hut
Fuck off my roof! Im gonna put a
huge hairnet up, thats what Ill do
That will stop them from doing it.
Elephants going,
And youre gonna stay there!
Can we have our ball back, please?
So he did, and Hannibal said,
Well, all right,
you proved it with
that small film there
Youve let me into it
with that small elephant ski
Are you sure
its a good idea?
Oh, yes! If youve never
seen an elephant ski,
then youve never been on acid
Too true, as the old film shows.
Right! Elephants for all my men.
What size do you take?
Six and a half, thanks.
All right, you guys better
be good at skiing.
Huge ski sticks.
And the ski lifts back in those days were
enormous! I dont know if youve seen
The Carthaginians are
sitting in those bucket seats,
with two elephants
hanging off their feet
The Carthaginians are going,
Oh, my thighs!
The whole military thing is very
organized; its a very tight regime.
You need to have a military, I think,
because its very hip to say,
Oh, all military should disband!
but you keep getting
organized shitheads
that wanna kill people
come along, like Hitler.
If its just a shithead, thats fine; but
if its an organized shithead, people go
And thats the problem.
Every army has rules;
there are no casual armies that go, Oh,
ello, General! "Oh, ello, Corporal.
Its all, Yes, Sir! No, Sir!
Yes, Sir!
And theres all these different salutes.
Youve got the British one, the
American one, the French one,
and countries in Eastern Europe, new
countries, going, Well, we cant use that one,
and that ones been
What about this one?
Almost a surrender kind of thing
Well, theres that one
or this one
or this one we quite like
Go for that one.
Afternoon, General.
Afternoon, Corporal.
Its not very efficient either, that
What about that? Thats
much more efficient, sure.
Civilians, we have a hand-shaky kind of
agreement- kind of greeting thing.
And people sometimes say to you,
Oh, come here! I want you to
meet a whole bunch of people.
Suddenly, youre meeting
eight people all at once,
and they all tell you their names.
Hi, my name is Steve.
Steve, hi.
My name is Jennifer.
Jennifer.
Bernard
At the end, you go,
Good to meet you all.
Did you have names?
I didnt hear a thing!
Theyre all over here, arent they?
And some people do those squeezy
handshakes; that crusher handshake,
you know, the Small-Dick-Ive-
Got-A-Big-Handshake kind of...
The Compensation Handshake.
A firm handshake is great,
but that crusher one...
where they start to rotate
your knuckles, you know?
Youre going, Hi, how
are you? Nice to meet you
And they go into this, and you
dont react, you just go
Jesus Christ!
We should react because theyre
gonna get away with this,
they just keep doing this
stupid crusher handshake;
they think its very...
Ooh-I-have-an-enormous-penis!
handshake,
but we know
its a small dick handshake.
And you should react; if someone starts
crushing the life out of your hand,
just go, AAAAAAAAH!
Fucking hell!
You bastard!
Good Lord!
Hope you die in a car crash!
Either that, or the complete opposite,
and just collapse on the floor.
Oh, you killed him!
You killed him dead, man!
Now he suffers from
hand-squeezy death.
Yeah, you killed him
Im gonna tell on you!
The other type of handshake is
that sort of sock in a cart...
handshake you just receive, you know?
Oh I dont know, 2 kilograms,
2.5 kilograms, what do you think?
You should always have a fish
up your sleeve for that one,
someone gives you that kind of drop-in
handshake, then you just slap in the fish
Hey, your hands come off!
Oh, its a fish
Yes, a present from my country!
Done in one! Done in one!
Done in one! 
Then its the cool handshake,
the street handshake,
which is there, and then there,
there and there and
sometimes and bits
after it, you know?
You cant ask how its done,
you just have to know it,
thats what cool is all
about. You just know
and you dont actually just know, cause
no one knows, so you have to watch it
And you go home and practice
furiously on five bananas
until the thumb comes off.
Cool is a pursuit of youth, its
a fashion link thing being cool.
Its linked to the circle- youve got
Looking Like a Dickhead over here,
Average Looking, Kind of Cool,
Cool, Hip and Groovy
Looking Like a Dickhead!
I have been known to cruise
in that back area
I can walk down the street and
get these opposite reactions now.
I can walk down, and people go,
Makes you feel really good, but sick
And yeah, so
There was a look back in the 50s...
that was a matchstick
out of the corner of your mouth,
in the sort of James Dean kind of
era, and it was considered quite cool.
Its quite timeless as well,
it just works, I dont know quite why;
you lean up against a wall,
and you have it there,
and you roll it around, and occasionally
you pull it out and go, Hey, you, kids!
You kids be cool
What a wanker! Who is he?
Hes eating a match!
Yes, I am
Its the urban equivalent of the
country, kind of yokel character,
with the ear of corn
out of his mouth,
going, Hey, you, kids!
Never suck the juice out of a tractor.
Whats that?
The tractor going...
All the juice sucked out of it.
How do you mime a tractor thats
had all the juice sucked out of it?
Thats my one Anyway
Just a thumbnail sketch.
So
Oh, yes! I just forgot
what I was talking about.
So one matchstick out of the corner of
your mouth, mm-hmm-hmm, quite cool.
Second matchstick out the
other side of the mouth,
and youre looking like a dickhead!
Youre right A third one in the front,
looks like your teeth are sliding out
Eye patches have a
similar number problem.
One eye patch, looking quite cool!
Two eye patches
hello?
Three eye patches- now whats
going on here?
Pirates and the kid at
school with the lazy eye,
they were the two
groups that had eye patches;
again, very disparate.
I dont know how you do sub-sets
with them, but anyway
And the lazy-eye syndrome, you have
one eager beaver eye, that goes,
Oh, look at
that! Oh! Oh!
and the other eye is going,
Hey, Im in bed! Im in bed!
Chill out, man!
Youre missing the best part of
the day. Oh, fuck off!
So you put the eye patch over your
lazy eye, so it can have a snooze, yeah?
Long John Silver had an
eye patch, quite cool.
Also had a parrot on his shoulder
It was the wrong bird,
he should have had a mina bird!
Cause parrots, they suffer
from the beautiful plumage,
cause theyve got greens,
and yellows and reds
real vibrant colours that really
kick out, and you go, Ooh, wow!
but they look great and talk shite.
Squawk!
Squawk! Pieces of eight, ello!
A bird that says pieces of eight
is equivalent to having a
bird on your shoulder, going,
4.53!
4.53!
Shut up, bird, shut up.
Dont say that!
4.53!
Shut up! Stop talking prices!
Yeah, stuff them! Mina birds are much
better; theyve got slick black feathers,
and they sit on your shoulder,
and they say things like,
Oh, look at that sunset!
If you ever see them in a pet shop,
they want to get out of the pet shop;
they hate being cooped up in there,
they say things cause theyre bored.
People come up, and they say,
Ooh! Nice shoes
I like your haircut, you know?
I think youre sexy!
Thats a nice bird! Can I buy it?
But be careful, when you
take the mina birds home,
they dont like it; they think
theyre getting their freedom
once theyve been bought,
but you take them into the lounge and
they get pissed off, they get sullen
Youve got people around,
and they go, Oh, they hate you!
What was that, mina bird?
You heard me
They hate you!
They put poison in your coffee.
Theres a pig under
the table with a gun.
I control them
through this cuttlefish here
Cause birds fly and we
have airplanes, thats the deal;
but no ones put a flying bird,
a bird that can fly, into an airplane.
Itd be amazing, because it wouldnt
be flying, but itd be flying!
A mina bird in a 747
The birds outside
These birds are flying
very fast, of course!
Shit! Oh, Im not flying,
Im sitting!
Sorry?
White wine, please.
Theyre hanging on to the side!
I havent got fingers,
could you cut this up, please?
Thank you very much.
We have a fascination with flying,
hang-gliding is the
closest weve got.
Theres a cliff near where I used to
go to school, in Beachy Head,
and its a big, chocolate, 300-400
foot, maybe a mile high, who knows?
We certainly dont, cause we have
no idea.
Well, were metric now,
so 30 cubic litres high, all right?
And the road goes very close,
if you go to Beachy Head,
and people get out of the cars and
they just want to look over the cliff.
We want to look into the jaws
of death, we have that thing;
and when
you get close to the edge,
your brain goes
And if theres two of you there,
you go Get out there!
What is all that about?
You cant chuck each other off!
You know, whoever youre
going out with Come on!
And everyone does a lot of wait-on-
the-back-foot type walking as well,
in case theres a big crack,
and everyone goes
And you just go lift and stand back
They old Playtex two-step
lift and stand back.
And its pointless, jumping-
it would be interesting up to a
point to jump off a cliff, up to
Up to that point
After that, Oh, no, no, no!
At the bottom, on the jaggy rocks,
and there, a lot of crabs
and seaweed going, Ol!
Si-or!
All the time I was doing that,
I was thinking of a Spanish
word to say at the end of it
came out a bit weird, didnt it?
Should have been Seor!
not Si-or! That just sounds
like a brand of fucking cigarettes
from the 40s or something. God!
Weird analogy Anyway...
Even now Oh, fuck it!
And so and so what?
Oh, yes, wizards!
Now wizards
well, a bit of a jump there, but they can
fly, cant they?They can fucking fly!
They can fucking do anything,
because they have the big
staff, the big, sort
of Gandalf kind of like
Ill turn you into a pig!
kind of thing.
And when shits happening,
its great to be a wizard,
Ill turn you into a pig!
We cant do that,
but the closest weve got to it,
its the TV control,
when youre in your flat,
on your own, you can go, 2!
Ill have a bit of 3, thank you.
2. 3. 2. 3. 1!
In North America,
theyre going, 78! 87! 54!
Were going, 4!
Volume, volume, volume, mute
fast forward, rewind
And then the pause button
you press Pause,
and when I press the pause on
a video, I want it to pause
But you press it, and
everyone in the film goes
Surely, that button
should say La Cucaracha.
Wed love a La Cucaracha button,
youd go, La Cucaracha!
Im gonna make a toffee
A coffee, that is, not a toffee.
Switch it off, Im gonna make
a toffee, thats a fucking hour!
The coffee is the better one,
I dont know fuck it.
Ah, yes
But I talk about television,
I know television,
Im a child of the television age...
all the gadgets as well;
I like those, but if you lose the control,
we just sit there, going, uhhh
Switch the telly on.
No, Ive lost the control!
We cant even switch it on
by hand, the television is smooth
In the old days, youd say,
Change the channel! No, you
change it! Change the channel!
Eventually, the mouse is going,
Oh, its not in the plan I had!
Ill change the channel, fucking
and the button was
really long in the 70s,
or that turny one
BBC1
BBC2
oh, its
come off!
And after a while, the batteries
start to go. 2. 2. 2! 2! 2!
And when this happens,
you take the back off,
you put your hand up
against the batteries,
and you roll them up and down
Yeah! That gives you an extra
two days on batteries!
Two days before the long
walk down to the petrol station
to queue with the murderers
La Cucaracha.
Yeah Wizards never have that problem,
do they, with their magic staff.
I turn you into a pig.
Into a pig!
A pig!
A pi Oh, Im a pig now!
Pig! Frog! Pig! Frog! Pig!
Bloody batteries! Pig! Frog! Louder Pig!
Louder pig!
Louder pig! Mute pig!
La Cucaracha The Pig!
Television- Im addicted to television,
Im actually watching less of it now,
cause at 4:00 in the morning,
Im going, I must watch the
Maybe its important
Beavers do what?
Oh, dams! They build dams!
Okay. If I ever meet one, Ill say,
Build a dam, beaver!
But quiz shows are something
Ive never really got into;
quiz shows like Come On!, you know
Well, officially, Im not into them,
they come on, I go,
God damn it! God, I dont like this
Jesus! A quiz
How would somebody quiz
Venice!
No, Vienna! Vienna!
Damn!
Fuck, I knew it was a V town!
The big mainstream quiz games,
like, you know, 8:00 oclock on
some evening, anyone watches anything.
Hey, its 8:00 oclock,
its Who Gives a Shit?
You dont even know what youre
watching, and Im Charlie Smiles,
and here it is,
its Who Gives A Shit?
Two teams of five!
Steve, tell us a bit about yourself!
Well, I
Thats great, Steve!
And something happened
to you when you were 2.
I was shot dead by a duck
wearing Blakeys.
Sounds good, Steve.
This game is very, very simple and very
similar to all the other games in the world.
Youre gonna pick three things out of a
hat, put them together into a small bag.
If you choose the things
off the conveyor belt,
put your headphones on, go into the booth,
listen to some music, come back out,
act out a
scene from Othello,
make a pie out of pastry, act out
another scene, sing a song,
and then, if you do that, you win
a sausage. Do you wanna do that?
Sorry?
Okay, you dont go home empty-handed,
cause were gonna cut your hands off!
Do you want to see
what you would have won?
Do you want to see
what you would have won?
You would have been
president of the world!
3 billion people as your slaves!
Instead, youre gonna spend
your entire life living in a ditch
with poo on your head!
Oh, thank you very much.
Ive invented my own quiz game,
for late nights, sort of Channel 4, when
everyones blasted out of their brains,
and its called Whose Pig Is This? Right?
Thats what its called,
and its got a mainstream presenter,
who just comes out
And these pigs keep getting sent out,
and he goes, Eh, whose pig is this?
The audience is laughing,
and he doesnt know!
Whose pig is this?
Theres a pig in the studio!
Theres a pig here! Can you
get this pig the fuck out of here?
Sorry about that, theres a
pig Everyone laughing,
Right. Whose pig is this now?
It goes on for about two hours,
and 400 pigs are pushed on.
Needs a bit of work, doesnt it?
But its basically there,
the pig motif
But I am a gadget nut, Im a real-
youve heard of techno-fear? Well,
theres techno-fear and techno-joy,
and techno-fear are
people on computers, going,
No I dont Itll
wipe it No How...
And techno-joy are people
I know how to do this!
Its Oh, Ive wiped it!
Oh, it doesnt- hit it
with a hammer! 
Thats me, hit it with a
Youre just getting something new, and
you get this big tome to read through,
and you go, Oh, its
so powerful! Oh, fuck
And then you just set fire to it all,
and run around in your
knickers for a bit
But I am into gadgets; I was always
fascinated by James Bonds gadgets,
cause he had these
brilliant little gadgets,
but the guy who gave them to him, Q,
he must have been some sort of psychic,
cause they always gave him exactly
what he would have want of,
very lean, wasnt it?
He used every single item,
he never came back, going,
Q, Ive got a lot of stuff I
didnt use on that adventure.
Went all the way out to
fucking God knows where,
and this watch that
turned into a hamster,
what was the
point of that?
These trousers, press a button,
turn into jam. Why?
The hat turned into a bicycle,
that was very funny
It was! Hed fall into the water,
there were sharks there, he
had a breathing apparatus;
he could breathe up to four minutes.
He never went, Shit! Its in the hotel!
Ive got the trousers that
turn into jam, though
The sharks going,
Oh, theres blood everywhere!
Look, its blo-
Its jam!
Oh, Ive got water in me nose!
Anyway
Do they do that? Do they go
You see a shark coming to
the surface
Oh, it went down
the wrong way
I swallowed some oxygen
Anyway
Yeah So he did, he had precisely-
when James Bond got into
the Aston Martin, with the ejector seat,
the baddie sat in the
fucking ejector seat!
He never sat in the back
James going, You couldnt
sit in the front, could you?
No, Mr. Bond,
I will sit in the back.
I will sit in the back seat.
I have a gun on you, Im a
Smores agent and you can go nowhere.
You couldnt come and sit up
here in the front, could you?
Its a nice seat here
I like the company.
No, I will not, Mr. Bond.
Ill sit in the back here.
Where exactly are you from,
by the way?
Dont you take the piss out of me!
I will come up in the front
and talk to you Why dont you
I am a Smores agent, I
have a voice synthesizer in my throat.
I can do any accent
you can think of.
Unfortunately, Ive lost
the instructions, it seems,
and my voice box is stuck on
shop demonstration,
which is a bit of a bummer
Youre a fucking nutter you are!
Still, hes in the
ejector seat now, Ill press
Oh, shit! Im not in the Aston Martin!
Im in a fucking Mini!
Nice car, but no fucking ejector seat.
Even the windows are
those half ones Bugger!
He never did that, did he, James Bond?
He never went
That was more Muttley, wasnt it?
My name is Bond,
James Bond.
That wouldnt be cool enough for him.
You think youve got me, Blowfelt?
Well, you havent!
My name is not Blowfelt,
I am a Smores agent, man.
Right Oh, Ive got a breathing
apparatus! I know what to do.
What are you doing, Mr. Bond?
I can breathe for four
minutes with this, and you cant!
I think I can
Can you? Oh, bum!
You dont have a shark,
do you, by any chance?
Cause they quite like jam, you know
Yeah
I watch a lot of educational stuff on
telly as well, and I think its great,
cause you can just watch
it and then fuck off;
you can go, Really?
Oh, really? Oh, really?
Thats a great way to
be a student-
if you could have had lessons when you
were at school, going, Oh, really?
Oh, thats great!
No, I didnt know that
Oh, thats the bell! Bye!
Trouble is, the teachers would say,
Now write that out four times,
and then Im gonna test you tomorrow
on stuff Ive not told you about.
I did Physics, for some reason, I
didnt want to do Physics at A-level,
but I did it, and...
I was quite interested
in the space stuff,
String Theory, Stephen Hawkings,
Einsteins Theory of Relativity-
didnt understand what
the hell it was all about
It was great, you come
up with a theory that
you only can test if
you go into a black hole
with a ruler. Oh, really?
Oh, I got sucked in!
There must be 1 or 2 people
in blackholes, going, Hello?
Have you got a ladder?
Youd need quite big forearms
to pull yourself out of a black hole
Sorry, thats a density joke
No, its a gravity joke, no density
joke Fuck it! Anyway So
Yeah, Einstein came up with the
Theory of Relativity, E=mc2.
Energy equals the mass, the weight,
times the speed of light squared,
and the annoying thing is its so
bloody precise, its so- its just there!
And he went, E=mc2. It works!
Im off for a sandwich now!
Im going to America to
plug my head into the main
Now Im going skiing with my
elephant friends! Snowplough!
Fuck off my roof!
Stop skiing off my roof!
Fucking nuclear physicists!
Sorry about that, Mrs. Badcrumble!
Anyway, tell us that joke again
about the three banjo players
Yeah So anyway, he did,
he came up with E=mc2,
and there mustve been some
physicist at the time, going,
E=mc2? I had F=mc2!
Oh, damn!
So close!
F for fudge.
Fudge equals the mass times
the speed of light squared.
But we used to do experiments,
where you tested it.
We decided to test the
Theory of Relativity.
Jeff got a torch
and stood on this side of the room.
Now Jeff, switch the
torch on and shout go,
and I will time how long it takes
to see the light and the speed
Hold on, if you say go,
thats speed of sound,
and I would hear that
after Ive seen the light,
so say go slightly earlier
and you time how early youve
Oh, its a million miles
an hour!
I said a million billion no one
can tell! No one can run that fast!
And mass can you weigh
the torch for the mass, please?
Can you weigh it in a vacuum?
Can you weigh it near a vacuum, then?
You can weigh it near a
vacuum cleaner, thats great!
4.5 fluid ounces
And that is the energy...
in cats pi squared ironing board
And so where are the batteries?
Wallop, wallop, wallop
Then you write it all in a project,
and you put water on it, dry it off
with a hairdryer and give it in. -
Its kind of blurry
Oh, it was the rain!
Finally tonight, I want to talk
about a guy called Pavlov,
who was Eastern European,
I think Russian,
and did the famous experiment,
Pavlovs Dog.
You probably heard of, ring bells
and dogs eating food,
response times,
Pavlovian kind of response,
its all about ice-cream and
And he wrote these experiments.
Day One Pavlovs Dog 
Rang bell, dog ate food,
very excited
Hes become Welsh!
Very excited
terribly excited here in...
Russia.
Day two 
been well-accepted here in Russia
changed my name from Evans to Pavlov.
Im now called Gareth Pavlov
and fitting in well.
Day two rang bell, dog ate
two loads of food, very excited.
Day Three, right?
Day Three rang three bells,
dog ate a whole bunch of food...
and my leg, too.
Very excited, win
Nobel Dog Prize for cats.
So he did this, he won the prize
Nobel, whatever he won,
and Pavlovs dog, we all know that,
but you never heard his
cat results, did you?
You probably thought he was finished!
Pavlovs Cat Results Day One 
rang bell cat fucked off.
Damn
Day Two rang bell,
cat went and answered dog.
Day Three rang bell,
cat said hed eaten earlier.
Day Four went to ring bell on day
four, but cat had stolen batteries.
Final day Day Five

went to ring bell with new batteries,
but cat put his paw on bell,
so it only made a thunk! noise.
Then cat rang his own bell!
I ate food
Im just gonna finish up by talking
about the beginning of time.
Very quick piece, very quick!
Beginning of time- the Big
Bang, right?
Everyone stood well back
What? Oh, okay
Well, how big?
Very big. All right
Stand back, Mrs. Badcrumble.
Come on, Cesar; come
on, Australian man
Come on, Welsh Pavlov 
Oh, thank you.
Never go back to the universe
once its been made, come on
Suddenly, BOOM!
They all went, Fucking ell!
And it was made, the
whole universe exploded
out in perfect circular bits that became
planets later, which was very lucky,
and later on all the planets
are gonna go all the way back
to the middle and crash back
in when the gravity gives out,
and when it goes back in, I want
to be on top of the world,
holding on to big reins,
going, Come on!
Come on! Come on! Anyway
But later on, the Earth cooled,
and Mother Nature revealed itself
to the world one day. She said,
Creatures of the world!
Gather round,
I shall give you your
methods of procreation.
All the creatures going,
Oh, cheers, Mother Nature!
Ive been dying for a shag, me!
All right, gather round
Heres a big clipboard here,
big flipchart!
Now whats this?
Ccheese Minis
anyone knows what this is?
Glue factory anyone? Glue factory?
Here we go. Dogs!
How you doing, dogs?
Okay, now dogs
we have got you down, dogs
your method of procreation
will be doggy fashion!
How about that?
Yeah, we invented it!
I know you did!
And its caught on big time!
Okay, off you go
Be careful with the air lock!
Now, cats
Cats, good to meet you. Now, weve
got you down for doggy fashion!
How about that?
What about catty fashion?
No, sorry, dogs got in there first;
its a patent
pending situation
Anyway, youve got cat flaps,
so what the fuck are you arguing about?
Now Pavlov, what are you doing here?
Well, Ive been trying to do things and
banjo
Ooh, Im hungry now!
Next we have
sheep!
Good haircut, by the way
Weve got you down for doggy fashion!
If you get hot, just take your
coats off, right?
Okay You wearing Blakeys?
Mouse, what are you doing here?
Well, Ive got a space rocket out of jam
It wont work, but
its not my best laid plan.
I could go aglay
but Mrs. Badcrumble
is coming, and Cesar,
and the Australian guy
And we could burn up on re-entry,
or become a sort of thing.
Well, think of a joke for the
end of that line, anyway
Off you go
Now giraffes! Good to see you.
Weve got you down for doggy fashion,
but its whatever you
can work out, basically.
Hang off a lamppost,
lean over a tree,
you know just swing
about a bit; I mean, sorry,
we were gonna make you
like a Spaniel kind of size,
but someone brought me
a coffee and vooom!
when I was doing design work,
and there you go
Anyway, chin up! All right
Human beings Well,
doggy fashion, catty fashion,
giraffe fashion, sheep fashion;
whatever the hell you want,
basically
Hang upside down like a bat,
play the banjo, do it on a
golf course!
As long as you get guilt in there
somewhere, we really dont mind
Now finally, salmon! Good
Got a bit of a surprise
for you, people
What youre gonna do is
to swim upstream against a...
down-flowing river until
you come to a huge waterfall
and youre going to leap, and leap,
and leap, and leap up this waterfall,
and you swim along, and you leap,
and leap, and leap, and leap;
then you get along,
and you lay eggs,
and you fertilize the eggs, and
then you drop down dead! Ha!
Were quite happy with doggy fashion
No You piss me off, you salmon!
Youre too expensive
in restaurants, thats your trouble
And theres a moral to this story.
Or at least there was
supposed to be a moral,
but because Im dyslexic,
it is, in fact, a marble.
Thank you, good night.

(Shouts) Hello New York!

So hi. Welcome to New York. Um, you probably live here, and - but I just thought, you know: "Do that" in a bit of a weird way. And I need to speak clearly because for the first five minutes you'll probably go (James Mason accent): "He's got an English accent, I can't understand a word he's saying. How weird." And so you go (American accent): "What? What? What the fuck's he saying? Shit he's wearing a lot of make-up." But, you know, that's a third millennium thing, and you've just got to swing with it. There's going to be a lot more guys with make-up during this millennium. By the end of the millennium you'll probably find that you're dead and… hopefully. Otherwise you'll be on your millionth face lift and… fucking ratchet just like 'Brazil'. Yeah, so… and a lot more guys in make-up, probably. Cause make-up's just crazy anyway, you know, cause native Americans used to wear it, and it did all right for them until… until well, until you killed them all, I suppose. In that kind of European bastard-like way. Cause we did it first so you said, "Fuck, I'm getting away from you, coming here, and then we'll continue that thing". It's sort of human, isn't it? Sort of human being complete bastards. And 'bastard' is a northern…cause the southern word is 'barstard' in the south of England, but the northern word is 'bastard' and it's much better to say 'bastard'.

(Single cheer from the audience) That's an accent… (to cheerer) Hey! North of England!

So that's it. And if we say 'barstard' it's like "Ooh you're very posh, saying your 'barstard' thing." Cause, cause 'barstard' means 'illegitimate child' which used to be so important, didn't it.

(Poshy voice) "Good afternoon, I'm a bit of a barstard" You think Oh well.

But now if you're a bit of a barstard people go: "Oh, that's quite sexy". And, uh you know. Cause at school all the kids who were: "Hello, shall I open the door for you?" They never got shagged at all. But if you were a bit of a barstard, or a bit if a bastard, then shagging aplenty. And I don't know what this means but it's sort of true. You know, I just noticed it.

Hello? Lost you (writes on hand) "Lost them all. Had them, lost them" Ooh I've got stuff on my hand.

So yeah. Now, the Pope: what's going on there, hey? Hey? What's he on about? He gets out there, chatting away. Um, Pope John. There was Pope John, if you remember, now there's Pope John-Paul. Ah, the next Pope's going to be Pope John-Paul-George. And we can see where they're going. It's that more populist edge Pope John-Paul-George and Ringo that's going to take off; he's going to have songs in the charts. (sings rubbish while jazzing up signing the cross) Always, always checking their faces, aren't they. In case there are flies, you know like cows use their tails. That's what the Pope does: keeps the flies off.

(jazzy signing again) You get your… Catholics are good, Keep those flies off me, I'm a Catholic. Fucking flies. Whereas Protestants don't have anything to keep the flies off except a gun! Big Fuckin' gun!

And it's… you know, because the Pope has got stuck in that sort of 'I'm wearing a tent' type thing. And he goes round in a Popemobile, and the only other person who does that is Batman, who goes round in a Batmobile. Cause he's Popeman! (sings) "Popeman! Popeman! With Altar-boy!"

"Quick Altar-boy, there are some sinners who need chastisin'. Leap into the Popemo…" (dramatic music impression) "Put those candles out!" (mimes using strange weapon to do this) Pssthou, Pssthou, Pssthou! "With holy water and Jesus disks!" (mimes throwing samurai stars).

"Vampires! Look out, Popeman, vampires coming!" (4 more Jesus disks) "You sure shot them out of the sky!"

Could be a whole series… with a lot of complaints.

And, um… All I'm talking about here is (sings) "Blasphemy, Blas for you, Blas for everybody in the room. I'm just on a blasphemy and bla…" Six person joke, that. There we go.



Yeah, because, you know, I don't believe that religions are religions. No, I believe they are philosophies with some good ideas and some fucking weird ones. So. So anyway John-Paul. Um… yeah, Johnny Paul: bit kind of knackered. That's a word you can use when you get to Britain, "Ah, a bit knackered" you'll fit right in. And the other one's, "That's a load of bollocks, mate! That a load of…" which means bullshit. Bullshit, bollocks - very close in the B area of the dictionary. But er it's kind of weird 'cause bollocks, that's crap, "Oh it's bollocks! That's bollocks!" but if it's the dog's bollocks, that's really good. And, and bollocks also means testicles, so if you're saying something's the dogs bollocks you're saying it's the dog's testicles - but it is good. It's really weird, I mean you can go up to the Queen and say "That outfit, your Queen, it's the dogs bollocks." And she'll say, "Well, thank you very much for saying so. I thought it did look a bit like the dog's bollocks." "Well it does look, and it is the dog's bollocks." And she'll be happy as Larry, however happy he is.

Anyway, so it was… they're not very good at naming Popes as well. They had a run of Piuses, it went like Hollywood. They had Pope Pius the first, the second, Pope Pius the third "The revenge of Pope Pius". Pope Pius the fourth, "This time he's pissed off." Pope Pius the fifth in 3D! "The body of Christ" (mimes brandishing a communion host) "Oh my god, he hit me in the face with the body of Christ!". But Johnny-Paul, he was, um, he was going down to Jerusalem. (American Accent) "He went down to Jerusalem, man, 'cause it was the holy city for the Christians. Also it was the holy city for the Moslems and it's the holy city for the, er, for the Jewish people. It's a bit of a fuckin' mess down there." It is! Three major religions, one holy city. Couldn't they have just spread it out a bit? "Look, you have Akabar, we'll have Moscow, you can have Dover. All right?" "Yeah, lovely." Bit of space. One city, everyone there. Nightmare!

Anyway, he went down there, and he was apologising for things done wrong in the name of God. Shit that happened in the name of God. And we know it did happen, like, um, during the second world war Pope Pius the 12th was supposed to apologise… not apologise, he was supposed to castigate Hitler for being a (mimes quotes) 'genocidal fuck-head'. With bunny rabbit ears. Um, but he didn't say that; he wimped out, and he's been renamed now, as Pope Gutless Barstard the first. Which is good. They should say it's Pope Gutless Bastard the first. Then he did apologise for the Spanish Inquisition - he said it was far too inquisitive. Supposed to be the Spanish Casual Chat. "Tell me, Don Miguel, tell me of El Diablo." "El Diablo is an exciting character. He is one with the ladies. Why do you wish to know?". "No reason, just a casual chat." But it wasn't. It was, (mimes operating a rack) "Tell me, Don Miguel, tell me of El Diablo. If you do not I will play this barrel organ for hours. (to the tune of 'Jerusalem') "Glang Gling Gling Gling… Gling Gling "That was a barrel organ version of 'Jerusalem', which was a British, a British Empire type song. It's a hymn, you know, one that we'd sing in church as a kid, I used to, (sings) "And did those feet Boom Boom Boom Boom in…" you know. And it's got really weird lines in it, and it was 'And shall my sword sleep in my hand'. Not a good idea! You're gonna roll over and cut your bits off, aren't you. And then it's that 'Godfather' scene of (holding things to his face) "Uhh, Uhh, Uhh, Uhh, a head of a horse, and my willy." 'Should my sword sleep near my bed, but not too close so it cuts my bits off.' That's how the line should go. And, and it ends up with 'And shall Jerusalem be builded here on England's green and pleasant land.' No! Leave it where it fucking is! It's in Jerusalem. It's weird, we sing it. You know if you've ever sung a hymn you don't pay attention to the stuff but it's saying, "And we're going to build it here…"It's all… What is it, Jerusalem 2? The sequel? Fucking leave it there, otherwise people will wake up in Jerusalem and they'll go, "What? Where? Where?"

Um, uh, yeah. So, so, so that was Jerusalem and..fuck, I was talkin' about organ grinders. [Mimes playing organ grinder]

Yes, the Spanish Inquisition. 'Cause they always had an organ grinder with a monkey, always a monkey on top. 
[Dances, sings] "Bum, bum, bum, bum-bum-ba-da, bum, bum, bum, buh-buh-ba, I dream of you." 
The monkey was always the star, really. Ya know, the organ grinder, anyone can do that. [Mimes playing organ grinder] 
Even a dead person. As long as they were Steve Austin, and had their arms plugged into the main. 
That should work, but the monkey...that was a fuck..No music, the monkey [dances, sings] "Bum, bum, I love you, I'm a monkey, oooh..."

And Charlton Heston...he, um, yes. Yes, he's had a few run-ins with monkeys, hasn't he? Charton Heston, he did, he did Planet of the Apes, didn't he? And, umm, and he not only played the Charlton Heston role, but he was also all the monkeys, as well. That's what people don't know. 
But anyway, he's head of your National Riffle Association, uhh. Because you have a gun problem, and it's because America's worked too well. You've worked too well. It was a good idea, freedom, ya know, the pursuit of freedom...happiness...pursuit of enjoyment? Happiness? The [I have no idea what he says here], I don't know, something. The pursuit of something. 
But you pursue happiness. [Mimes stalking with a rifle, with American accent] 
"C'mon, ya fuckin' happiness!" 
*Bang!* 
"I found me some happiness, I'm gonna shoot it now!" 
*Bang* 
"You fuckin' happiness!" 
*Bang* 
"You come at me with those big fuckin' eyes, and..." 
*Bang!* 
"Oh, shit. I shot my mother. I thought it was a deer. Oh, dear, anyway...well, we'll put some antlers on her, and do a sort of Woody Allen-type bit of stand-up." 
Umm...yeah. So, umm, uhh, yeah, so, the gun control thing. 'Cause we've got no guns, Australia's got no guns, you've got 'em all. And you're the Roman Empire now, ya know, there's no other superpower, so you're just out there and we can't catch up. Europe could get there, but it'll take us a bit of time. 'Cause we had it, the British Empire, and we lost it by going "Oh, do you think so?" and, umm...a lot. 
And "Oh, really? Have they?" There was a lot of that towards the end of the empire. "Are you sure?" 
Umm, uhh, where the fuck...? 
Oh, yeah. Charlton Heston. So, Charlton Heston, National Riffle...Rifle Association. Umm, and you have that saying, the, what is it? That "guns don't kill people, people kill people" but monkeys do, too! If they've got a gun. Without a gun, they're pretty friendly. But with a gun, they're pretty dangerous. And they wouldn't be lethal, they'd just be [mimes monkey stumbling about and firing handgun randomly] "Boomf! Ooo! Boomf! Ooo! Boomf! Ooo! Boomf! Ooo! Boomf! Ooo!"

And you remember in the seventies, there was all that, that work we done with monkeys, the signing thing. 
[Mimes sign language] 
"Hey, you're a monkey!" [Mimes big ears] 
"Yeah, yeah I'm a monkey [big ears]." 
"So, what's it like, being a monkey [big ears]?" 
"Not bad, not bad. What's it like being a human [flips bird]?" 
"Pretty good." 
"Can I have a banana?" 
"No, I have no bananas. On this day." 
"You have no bananas? Well, if you have no bananas, I'm not fucking talkin' to you." [Flips bird, mimes something like a telephone] 
"What's that [telephone] mean?" 
"I don't know. I just ad-libbed it. Give me a fuckin' banana. Gimme a fucking banana." 
"Alright." [Mimes handing over a banana] 
"Alright [mimes eating], what do ya want to know?" 
"Well, how does the monkey community interact?" 
"Ya know, in the usual way. Gimme another banana." 
"No. No more bananas." 
[Mimes holding a gun with one hand while holding banana in the other] 
"I've got a gun." 
"You didn't even sign that time." 
"I know. We've been able to talk. We've been talking for years. But when you guys turn up, we just go "Oo, oo, oo!" And when you piss off, we go "Well, he was a bit weird, wasn't he?" 
We have a posh British accent. 
"What do you think, Samantha?" 
"I don't know, I don't really like the sight of him..." 
"Monkey see, monkey do, yes. I think he's more monkey-doo."

So, what I thought, ya know, is you give a gun to a monkey, and then let him into Charlton Heston's house, and then you lock the doors and then film it through the window. 
And we'll find out [sporadic applause], thank you twelve people. 
But we'll find out whether, ya know, it is the gun or they might have to change the line to: 
"Guns don't kill people, people kill people, and monkeys do, too, brackets, if they've got a gun, close brackets."

And, and the monkey, he'll be just [mimes stumbling and firing] "Boomf! Oo! Boomf! Oo!" 
And you train 'em to reload, 'cause that's fair. Ya know, [mimes reloading handgun] ch-cha, ch-cha, ch-cha. "Boomf ooo! Boomf Ooo!" 
But you don't train him the full sort of FBI [mimes kicking down door, aiming gun] "Bam! On the floor, on the floor! On the fuckin' floor! You got bananas? You got bananas? 
'Kay, where's Charton? Charlton in the other room? Alright." [mimes kicking in door] "Got bananas, you got bananas? Are you Charlton? Alright, ma'am. Thank you, ma'am."

So, uh, we'd watch that, yeah? "Tonight, Charlton Heston with a monkey with a gun in his own house, film at eleven." Ya know, you have to catch that.

Anyway, that's why John Paul II apologized for the Spanish Inquisition. Because Spaniards [mimes cranking the rack]Spaniards were stretched. They were stretched with the rack. "I stretch you, Don Miguel, tell me...confess, confess!" 
"What do you want me to confess?" 
"Anything, anything at all. Whatcha got?" 
And that's why most people in Spain are eight foot, nine foot tall now. It's true. Anyone been to Spain? No. So there ya go.


And then earlier than that there were the crusades. The crusades were totally fucked. Richard the Lionheart, who had the heart of a lion as well as his own. He ripped it out of the lion, and the lion was left with a bicycle pump and not much to do. (mimes lion signing) "I'm a bit pissed off." He was going. And Richard, the idea was if he got stabbed through the heart he's still got his lion heart going and that way he could live longer. (writes on hand) "They didn't believe me."

But they went down to get the Moslems out, the Islamic people out of Jerusalem, I believe it was that. And they were hacking into them, "I kill you! I kill you in the name of Jesus." But the Moslem people, "No! Jesus is a prophet in our religion. We kill you in the name of Jesus." "Do you? I didn't know that. Jesus in your… oh right! Well I kill you for your dark skin, for Jesus was a white man from Oxford." "No he wasn't! He bloody was not! He was from Judea, dark-skinned man, such as we." "Really? Look, we've come all this way… Would you mind awfully if we hacked you to pieces? Just for the press back home."

So I think a lot of battles happened that way, you know. Alexander the Great, just steaming through Persia - took out Darius the third as we all know. And then he ran on… (someone heckles) What? Who? Just shut up, will you. I know one or two people have heckled, but I will kill you. If it's in the middle of a flow… what was I saying? Oh, Alexander, yeah, Alexander steaming on, and after a while his army's going, "Hang on. Alex, I think we lost 'em. You know, I don't know where we live any more, and we've killed most of the people we've met. So would you just like to chill out." And Alex is going, "Look, I'm 32, I'm gay, I'm on a roll. Let's go!" On you go.

Yeah, and Johnny Paul was looking for a coming-together, I believe, a sort of, uhh...syn...synergy between the five, the major five religions, being: [counts them off on one hand] Christianity, Judiaism, Islam, RCA, Sony. [pauses] Buddhism and Hinduism.

Ya know, because apart from the two silly ones, they've all got Jesus in, yeah? And I'm not gonna tell you about the silly ones...if you think, "Ooo, RCA, yes. They're in the Middle East, aren't they?" And, uh... 
'Cause if you can't work out what they are, you're probably the person in the plane who watches when they do the belt bit. [mimes putting on a seatbelt] 
"Oh, right, ahh." 
'Cause if you can't do the belt bit, that should be a test before you get on, surely. 
"You know the belt bit?" 
"Ahh..." 
"Here's a belt, try it." 
[mimes the attempt] 
"Oh, fuck off." 
Ya know, 'cause, 'cause if it goes down, you're gonna be the person going, "I can't get out of it! I can't...where's...what's this?" [mimes reaching for oxygen mask] How...strap it to me ear? Let me fly the plane!" 
"Fuck off!"

Anyway, Jesus, Mister Jeezy Bee, the historical figure Jesus, who was called Joshua by the, or Joseph, by the, uh, the people, I think, and then Jesus was the Greek name, or something like that...I was watching [again, I have no clue] the other night. And, umm, and uhh, he was...he's in, he's in Christianity. Christianity is his best film, yeah? That's, that's where he was the Son of God! Starring Jesus as the Son of God! Where he said that famous line, "Take your hands off her, you bitch!" [mimes robot walking]

And then, then he blew it out the air-lock, yeah? Or is that Aliens? 'Cause they're very similar, Christian faith and the film Aliens. Very similar. And then there's, in the, in Islam...Jesus is a prophet. I didn't realize this, but Mohammed's top prophet, he's top dog. And then Jesus, like second prophet, he's like left back, in football. And Mohammed's striker, he's going [mimes kicking a ball] knock 'em in the goal!

"Go, Mo! Go, Mo!"

And Jesus, like left back, "c'mon, c'mon" [mimes kicking ball] "Mo, take it up! Abraham, on the left wing!"

This is football I'm talking about here, which you call 'bananas', and you're reluctant to play.

But you play baseball. The World Series. And you've won every year - America's won every year in that (gives a clap) Well done America! That's great! It's impressive in a world event for America to win so many years, so well done to you! Maybe one year a country other than America might win, but I doubt it, you know I doubt it! And if you go to a game you have that thing going (roughly the baseball organ tune) "Nah, nah nah nah, nah nah". Someone playing on an organ, going "Nah, nah, nah, nah." And you do know that's shit, don't you? That is shit, isn't it? Or do you sit there going, "Ah the wonderful tunes of our great composer Jeff Crap-in-the-head." And obviously not the same guy has been playing at all these places. There must be young people coming in - music students. (mimes music student arriving for day 1 at the baseball. The teacher starts playing) "Nah, nah nah nah. Nah, nah nah nah." "Well, I hear what you're saying, but what about (plays it jazzy) "Nah, nah nah mena mena badaba…" "No, it's just 'Nah, nah nah nah, nah… (up a tone) nah, nah nah nah, nah'. "Well I quite like 'bananamana." "No, you can't. It's 'Nah, nah nah…" "Well it's crap!" "I know - but no-one else has noticed."\

Can't you just kill them? You have the guns!

What's going to bring down America? If you look to the Roman model it's just America. 'Cause you know, you've got all the guns in the world now. We've all banned them, and you've said 'Yeah!". Even the IRA are saying, (Irish accent) "We don't want any more guns in Northern Ireland right now, 'cause we had these guns and…" Because they've been doing the agreement for ages… Do you get this? Do you know there's other countries? Just checking. It's just sometimes you have to go through a fair few channels to get any… "Meanwhile in Yemen - in California…" Oh fuck! But yeah, 'cause in Northern Ireland, you know, the Protestants and the Catholics were going…well the IRA was going, (Irish again) "If you just sign your name on the declaration there we will be taking our hands off the guns right now. If you could just put your signature there…" (also Irish (someone else)) "We will sign this piece of paper if you'll take you hands away from the guns. Just take… The signature is so close to going on to the thing, if you could just remove…" (other Irish) "I've got my nail on the gun now, that's all I have. The ball is in your court: if you could just take - put that ink into that thing. It's hardly a nanometer away. If you could just fucking take your fucking finger away." (other other Irish) "I'm dripping the ink down there, I'm putting the ink on - it's not actually making any sentences yet but I'm… All right! It's all fucking off. Forget about it."

(normal but puzzled voice) What was I talking about? (slight help from the audience) Oh yeah, Jesus, Mr Jesus (to heckler) I don't know what you said, but thank you.

So yeah, he's in that, he's in that. He's in the Moslem faith. In the Jewish faith, Jesus is not quite in it 'cause the old testament ends, and he's right at the beginning of the new testament, but he's just waiting there: (North London accent) "Hello… Can I come in now? Can I just come in for a curtain call, you know, just at the end? Ah, shit!". But I think the Jewish historians now do admit that Jesus was around at the time. You know, he was, like, with the band. He was, like, with the Pharisees… (North London again, trying to get into a club)) "Yeah, my name's Jesus - should be on the list… Jesus, Jesus. I'm with the Pharisees. Yeah, the Pharisees… Jesus, son of… Jesus McJoseph… All right, I'm on. Thanks. Hey, how're you doing? Harry, Jeff."

And then in Buddhism he's a friend of Buddha! I didn't know this. He's a friend of Buddha. He's like Buddha's baby brother Benny. Something like that. So that's good. And Buddha isn't actually Buddha. I thought Buddha was the little - was the big fat guy, but Buddhism means 'enlightenment' I believe. I don't know who the fat guy is. And then there's a thin guy called Siddhartha, who started it all. And it's not 'Sid Arthur' like an East End of London (does accent) "'Ello, Sid Arthur 'ere. Apples and pears, dog and bone, the middle way, that's what I think. Wotcher want? Couple a pound of raspberries? No problem, there you go. Buddhism: take it or leave it." It's more… there's a lot more aitches, you know, it's 'Siddhartha' with silent aitches and stuff like that in it. Which is great.

And then he's in Hinduism as well. There's 200,000 gods in Hinduism, and he's got to be in there somewhere. And they've got gods like Shiva, the god of creation and destruction, which is a good god to be. 'Cause you can go (sound of creation) "'whomp'. What do you think? Do you like that? You don't like that? (sound of destruction) 'whomp'". If you're just the god of creation you're going "'whomp' Do you like that? You don't. All right, I'll put it in the garage". (looks around) "Shit, I haven't got a garage. 'Whomp'" (puts thing in newly-created garage).

So in the Christian faith God created Adam in his own image, yeah? So that was good, but 65 million years before that God created the dinosaurs using the image of his cousin Ted. And Ted was not the black sheep of the family, he was the huge fucking monster of the family. And there must have been God, I mean it's not in the Bible, is it? It should have been mentioned somewhere around Genesis. You'd think God would grab someone's arm - some scribe who was copying out and saying (forcing scribe to write) "…but before that there were dinosaurs who were a bit crap, so fuck 'em." Not in there, which could mean that, because dinosaurs were discovered in the 1700's, 1800's, somewhere around there, maybe it is a philosophy, and some bloke with a beard doesn't live upstairs… maybe. (sings) Blasphemy… Blas for you…

So I think under the logic situation God - Captain God with the big beard - he must have created the dinosaurs. And Jesus must have asked a few questions, like "Dad, dad! What are these dinosaurs? What were they all about? Big hairy…" well, not hairy, were they. "Big slimy bastards. Teeth. Small hands - what's that, for playing piano?" Brain in the head, a brain in the bum! What's a bum brain for?" (James Mason voice) "Well I'll explain to you, Jesus. What I did was I created the world in seven days. Then on the eighth day…" (normal voice for Jesus) "Dad, are you going to do this James Mason impression all the way through?" (mimes peeking through blinds during applause) "Be quiet, you cherubim and seraphim! Sorry dad, they're very noisy up here in heaven. I'll just let the blind down. (mimes this) All right, go on…" (James voice again) "Well, as I was saying…" "You're not going to do that James… Do you real voice." (high pitched weird voice) "My real voice is a bit weird." "All right, do the James Mason." (James again) "Well OK. So if I do this crap it's not my fault - no, it's not his fault." (Jesus is confused) Er, yeah, but I don't know what you're talking about." "All right, forget that. Anyway. On the… who am I, quick? Oh yes. Created the world in six days, and on the seventh day, rested. Eighth day I actually rested as well. Ninth day, rested, 'cause I fucking had just made a world, you know. Tenth day, rested - actually I rested from then on, really. Fourteenth day I decided to smoke all the marijuana I had created, just to test the first batch. On the fifteenth day I decided to smoke all the opium I had created, just to test the first batch. And on the 309th day I woke up again, and I decided to create 500 huge monsters that I'd seen just the night before." "Dad, did you have to make them so stupid?" "Well I didn't know what I was doing, I was off my tits."

But then Jesus had to go down onto the planet Earth and preach the word of the Lord to the dinosaurs, and he was not happy about that. "I'm not going down there!" (James again) "You must go down there, that's your job. That's what the son does." (JC) "Oh for fuck's sake! What does mum think of all this?" "Well, I think she agrees with me. It'll be good character building stuff." "Just 'cause she's an elvan queen." "What, Galadriel?" "Yeah." "My wife?" "Yeah." (pause for audience reaction) "No-one's going with it." "All right, they don't know who she is, dad." "No." "All right, I'll go down". So he goes down, and he goes in the world and there's dinosaurs everywhere (mimics dinosaurs?) "Raargh! Wuurgh! Larrgh!" Said Jesus, trying to blend in. And he goes into a dinosaur bar. (mimes batwing doors) Soon as he walks in all the dinosaurs stop what they're doing. (mimes dinosaur playing piano, turning to look, then carefully closing the piano lid) other dinosaurs playing cards. (mimes dealing cards, sorting hand and finally bidding) "Rarrh!" And Jesus says, "My name is Jesus, I'm the son of God - in one religion". And he says, "I've come to read you the stuff from my father's book, that we're hoping to get a publisher for. It's called the holy bibly. We may change the pronunciation on that. But we think a bibly is what people should have. Have a bibly, sometimes maybe in the future people have biblys in all the hotel rooms in the world. The could say, "Look, look at the bibly." And people will pay attention.

"Anyway, these are just some ideas, you know, they are all rough, that my dad had. 'Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.' (dinosaur) "Raarrgh!." "All right, we'll cross that one out. 'Cause they won't mind." (becomes meek person who has just got the news) "No, no we're fine, really, that's fine. Not inherit the earth? Oh, right, we don't need any…" (JC) "Do you mind if you just don't inherit the earth? We'll do 'Blessed are the meek' and that's it." "All right. Do we inherit anything?" "No. Well, maybe on old picture of an aunt." "Well, we're all right with that, thank you."

'Cause the meek have had a hell of a time, as Python talks about. But you'd think: the meek, they were supposed to inherit the earth. You'd think, No! They should be having meetings all over the world saying. (angry meek person) "Well I'd like to call this meeting to order. Has anyone inherited the earth? "Well I inherited a car from my aunt, a Ford Cortina." "Well that's not exactly the earth, is it, Simon? I think we should pool our assets and get guns. That's the only thing people pay attention to. 'Lock and Load! What do we want? We want the earth! When do we want it? Now motherfucker! (mimes machine gunning) Oh, you want some do you? Come on you bastards, it's our fucking earth!" (film trailer voice) "The Meek! They want it All!" (fast disclaimer voice) "Don't watch this film if you are on IV prophane. If you're legs are nailed to your mother. If your jam lives in your…"

"Anyway" said Jesus. "Right! I'm back here" said Jesus. "Yes… What about, not 'Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the earth', 'Blessed are the huge scaly monsters, for they shall doubtlessly inherit the earth - unless something awful happens with the temperature."

And suddenly an archeopterix came screaming out of left field and took Jesus' head off 'Floomp foodoomp foodoomp!' And Jesus goes back up to heaven with his head under his shoulder, saying, (uses hand to mime speech) "Dad! Dad! They're a bunch of bastards!" (James again) "Well what happened?" "Well, they took my head off! I have to talk with my hand now… That's what I have to do noooow!" "Well, what a to-do. I'll turn the world thermostat down to nought degrees Kelvin." "Minus 273 degrees Centigrade?" "You been at the physics books again?" (was accidentally miming hand-talk) Ooh! Sorry, I thought I was talking with my hand. (James again) "You been at the physics books again? Oh yeah, well, your stepmother would be proud."

What?

So he killed all the dinosaurs, God killed 'em all. Then he went down there, and he took all the dinosaurs, and he put each one inside a stone. But then God seemed to wait 65 million years doing this: (mimes hanging around not doing much, singing scat) "Doo doo Dooo, doo doo dooooo, ba ba baaaa."

So that's why I don't swing with the whole Christian thing, 'cause it's got this 65 million year gap that doesn't make sense.

And the universe is unbelievable. I mean our galaxy, the Milky Way, a hundred billion stars - a hundred billion stars! We wouldn't count up to a hundred billion. We could count up to a hundred billion, but we would not. They have clusters of galaxies, and then there's big, big bits of nothing, so it's awesome, yeah?. The universe is awesome using the original version, the meaning of the word awesome, yeah? Not the new one which is sort of for socks and hot dogs: "Hey! Red and yellow - awesome! You got red and yellow socks, they're awesome!" You know. But if they were you'd be (gasps). I saw an advert for 'awesome hot dogs, only $2.99'. If they were awesome you'd be going, (gasping for breath) "I can not… breathe for the way the sausage is held by the bun. It is… it is speaking to me. It is saying 'we are lips and thighs… of a donkey. Please eat us… but do not think that we are lips when you eat us, otherwise you'll throw up'." Which is true! It's awesome!

America needs the old version of awesome, because you're the only ones going into space. You've got a bit of cash and you go up there, and you need 'awesome' because you're going to be going to the next sun to us. And your President's going to be going (American voice) "Can you tell me, astronaut, can you tell me what it's like?" "It's awesome, sir." "What, like a hot dog?" "Like a hundred billion hot dogs, sir. Sir, it's the dog's bollocks, that's what it is!"

We don't go into space, We don't go into space. You do. In Europe we send up tin cans - that's no fun. It's got to have a 'ooh ooh' and tin cans we don't care about, but you send people up, you know, and you send things to Mars… that sometimes get there. (has a quiet chuckle behind his hand) It's just, you know, 'cause we didn't.

But you had the metric and the imperial system on the calculations. 'Cause in America you had the metric system for two weeks, it seems, in the seventies. Carter said, (very bad American accent) "Well, here's the metric system… you want a metric system?" Not with that accent, but, you know. 'Metric system'. And you seemed to go (mimes a hunter with a shotgun) "Hey, get out of here with your goddamn Commie metric system. Comin' in here. Hey, see what we got? We got a metric system. We got the outlaw Josie Wales with a metric system. Yeah, yeah, he's sharp. Oh, you watch 'im. He's got those millimetres and centilitres - and millipedes. Full of insects they are, Communist insects!"

And you got rid of it! You had a look at it… you sort of played with the metric system like this (mimes stirring up something at arm's length, then throwing it away). And all because of that this little machine went 'Zwoom'. All the little microbes and all the little technological things in that thing going to Mars going, "Wasn't that our turning?"

So anyway there was the big bang of course, the Big Bang theory: everything exploded, we're expanding at this very moment. Then it's going to contract, come back, and do it again. How many big bangs have there been? Seven! Well, you know, we don't know. And the chaos theory. I go with the chaos theory, I like it because shit happens, yeah? And that's the one that seems to explain it to me. The explanation is: there's no explanation - 'cause shit happens! But with a sort of spiritual, you know, thing on top. "Hey good luck." "God speed". "What speed is that?" "I don't know. 45. Under the speed limit." "What, go slow, you mean?" "No, I mean fucking fast. God speed!" (mimes planting foot and makes racing engine sound) God with a big cigar, lot of hair (more racing engine and a middle finger) "Fuck you, buddy!" I think that's God speed, isn't it? (sound of passing car) "Was that God?"

Yeah, so the chaos theory, the god Chaos. I believe in the god Chaos - I would believe in the god Chaos, you know, if he was around. I think he's not a god with a plan; a god without a plan! A god going, "What? Me? I didn't know!" And he lives in a caravan in deep space. "Do I? Is it? Oh, right. What? Just trying to make a flan here, can't get the pilot light on. (audience applause) You don't need to applaud too much in this. I kind of like it if on the video there's no applause at all, and everyone goes "Fuck!" You know, just because sometimes when applause happens I keep thinking, "Oh, I should go." But thank you… no, don't applaud.

'Cause at the Oscars, that's something American, you can applaud yourselves. You shouldn't, you know, because the Oscar's going (American accent) "And nominated is this guy." And he's there going (mimes applauding himself). In Britain we can't do that. When it comes to your turn you put your hands and you nail them to the floor. (British accent) "No, sir, I will not applaud myself". It's like carrying out things in doggy bags: we can't do it in Europe. We just can't. Europeans come over and you just can't. Because sometimes someone has one bite of a thing. "Ahh, can you bag that?" And we go, "What? Ugh! You're going to eat that later? Ugh! You're going to take it home? Ugh! It's just easier to say, "Could you just throw that somewhere, against a wall.

Anyway, so, so yes, the god Chaos is there, and he has a son. The god Chaos has a son called Kelvin.

"Kelvin!" "It's fucking freezing outside, dad." "None of your physics jokes". "All sons have physics jokes, dad." (the audience love it, sort of) "They groaned at that one, do you realise that? The whole bloody audience groaned, it's not even a groaner, it's the weirdest fucking line I've ever heard: 'all sons have physics jokes'." "Someone clapped there, dad." "Well just… ahh, forget it. Anyway, I can't light this pilot light. Trying to make a flan." "Oh, you've just got to lean…" (sound of explosion) And suddenly the whole flan went up. "Ooh, that's the big bang, that's the big bang. I've done it!"

And the flan flew off in different directions, and gradually cooled and formed stars with planets. And the god Chaos put arbitrary things upon them, like helicopters, jam, radioactive peanuts, socks and spaniels.

But human beings: we've done OK, you know, over the years. We've made things like the spinning jenny, the spinning arthur and the spinning bernard. And the spinning jenny was more successful, but she had a hell of a time, "Hey! Fuckin' hell! Let me go!" That's a fucking weaving joke. All the weavers got it.

Anyway, but, you know, whales, they're intelligent. They do whale song. (makes wah noises) We don't know what it means, but I think whales are travelling at 78. They're travelling at 78 speed, and if we take 'em up to 45 speed we'll find they're actually going, (winds up from wah noise to sing…) "I love you ba-by and if it's quite all right I love you ba-by, what a night, I love you ba-by, trust in me when I say." Yeah, they're DJs you see: DJs of the sea! 'Cause sound travels well in water, and they need a big PA to be a DJ but they've got their whole bodies. Yeah! It works, doesn't it! (DJ voice) "This next song is going out to all the goldfish down by the Azores. "I love you ba-by…"

So they're intelligent, and dolphins, they're intelligent, 'cause we all saw the documentary 'Flipper'. Dolphin came up going (sound of ratchet screwdriver supposed to be dolphin) "What's that? What's that, Flip?" (dolphin) "Chiang Kai-Shek is having trouble…" (dolphin) "… Mao Tse Tung has taken over mainland China…" (dolphin) "… Chiang Kai-Shek has retired to Taiwan with some of his followers…" (dolphin) "… Where they will have a complete disregard for international copyright rules…" (dolphin) "… Is that what you're saying, Flip? Or do you want fish?"

Because every time, every episode of Flipper he'd say the same thing - always having a problem (dolphin) "What's that? A boy trapped in a well? Trapped in water! (starts miming playing charades really fast) Three boys, three boys fell out of a ship, out of a ship. A small ship? A big ship? Two syllables - big ship, big ship, small ship… sounds like…sounds like 'The Deep', a bit like 'The Deep'? Bit of shark? Jaws? (Jaws theme) Daah dah, daah dah like that? What? Who? 'Gone with the Wind! 'Gone with the Wind! OK!"

And they were all like that. There was 'Skippy', (kangaroo noise, like tut-tutting) "What's that Skip? A boy trapped, drowning in the desert? Drowning in the desert? Ill? He's in a sandy place? (kangaroo) "What? He's ill, he's got a bad leg? (more kangaroo) "What? 'Gone with the Wind?" And 'Lassie' as well. (barking sound) "Woh woh woh." "What's that…" You know, Lassie, Flippie, Skippy, all that 'e' sound. Except for Flipper. It was supposed to be 'Slippie', you know, but they fucked it up. Bastards! Anyway.

And then there was seals. Seals are not intelligent, you know - woah, I'm not sure, but they're good with balls, aren't they! Seals are good with balls, and there's no logic of it. There are no balls in their natural environment, in Antarctic, the Arctic, the allararctic, ta ta tarctic, arcticartic, latalarctic. There's just no fucking balls there, are there? There's no… they flip out onto the thingy, you know, the ice floe, and they're not going, "Where's me ball, eh?" But in an aquarium, in a dolphinarium, in a sealarium, they're fucking amazing (mimes great football ball control skill) "Goal!"

But you never see a seal that's bad, do you? You never see a seal go, (mimes seal with poor co-ordination missing easy passes) "Yeah, yeah, oh. All right. Sorry I didn't… It's just not my thing. Count three then I'll…" They're just phenomenal. I think that was god or mother nature or the god Chaos saying (James Mason) "OK. Seals: give them blubber to keep them warm, fins to move 'em along, slippery slidy shape. Good with balls I think I'll put in here!"

And it could be other animals have secret things they're good at. Like tigers might be good with banjos. No one's thrown a banjo to a tiger. (mimes tiger trying a banjo, and being a natural) Plunk plunk plunk… (breaks into fast bluegrassy thing and sings in hillbilly voice) "Woah! I'm a tiger." So that's seals.

And swans can kill you with their arms, apparently, but I don't know how they do it because it doesn't quite work (mimes odd karate). I think it's their beaks. I think they sharpen their beaks and then "Whoomp!" they take your head off.

And cows, our British cows, the old ones, they could kill because they had the mad cow disease, you know. We found they went mad, they went totally mad, because they were fed cows. They were supposed to eat grass, yeah… remember that: 'Cow eat Grass'. But they were being fed cows. A cow was fed to a cow, and that cow was fed to another cow, that cow was fed to another cow. And just like the Russian doll thing instead of a herd of cows you had one huge Zeppelin cow. Who was mad! And then the farmer filled that cow full of helium and took it to market on a string. Just to show off. And cows are herbivores, they don't even eat vegetables, they just eat herbs. Parsley, sage rosemary and thyme.

Because they chew the cud, yeah, they chew the cud. They take food in, they partly digest it; they bring it back up as sick and they chew that. But you know what sick tastes like when it comes… you know, when it goes 'eeugh!' But they never show that in their eyes, do they? (mimes poker face chewing) Whereas if we were chewing we'd be going… (mimes chewer who is not happy with cud at all) But they, they've got discipline, cows, they're trained. They're just like dancers in that way, yeah? Dancers, again, they don't show it in the eyes, but this is when they're on point, you know. The pain, the strength… Keep that strong thing. Not… they don't chew their own sick, dancers. It's just the discipline thing. Cows and dancers are very… OK, it's a bit weird, but it's true.

So anyway we killed all our cows. We had three cows left in Britain who were not mad, "Are you mad?" "No, sir!" "Count up to ten in German." "Eins, swei, drei, fier, funf, sex, seiben, acht, noin, zen." "Count down from seven in French." "Ahh, shit! Sept, six, cinq, quatre, trois, deux, un!" "Yes, well done! You cows are not mad. And you're fit and healthy enough to be shot for food."

So cows were back on sale, well, beef. And the European government said 'yes' to British beef, but the French government, being kind of French (and I do like the French but they can be kind of French) they said, (outrageous French accent) "Well we have our own scientists, and even though we are supposed to obey the European government we don't want to, because we don't like your beef no way no how. And I don't know what you've done, you cook it really badly, you know. And we call you British people the 'rosbifs' and that's very funny."

So, a huge war of words, that old hatred thing, the hatred between the English and the French, it was dug up again. Because it's a historical thing, up to the nineteenth century the English hated the French. Then in the twentieth century the English started to hate the Germans - as we began to move alphabetically through the map of the world. Now, the year 2000, we are fine with the Germans… but the Hungarians are pissing us off.

But yeah, and it was all this thing going on, the right wing papers in Britain, they loved it because you could sell all these papers, (pompous English voice) "You Frenchy Froggy, Froggy Frenchy. Our beefy, lovely beefy. You Frenchy Froggy!" This was a Times editorial piece.

And then someone found out the French cows eat sewage, they are fed sewage. Poo! They eat poo! And they've got four stomachs, cows, so surely one of those stomachs is going to go, "Hang on, I've seen this shit before!" Yes siree bobby!

So, oh it was awful. All this shouting and screaming. So I was asking the audience, this hatred thing, a very powerful thing - a lot of wars have been fought with hatred. A lot of battles've been fought, not just because they've 'come all this way' but hatred's the engine there. So I was saying to the English, "Do you hate the French?" They were, "Yeah, we hate the French!" "So what about the Welsh?" "Oh yeah, we hate them!" "Why?" "No reason!" "And the Americans?" "Oh yeah, we hate the Americans." Everyone hated the Americans. Sorry about that, I just thought I'd… Just passing on information, all right? I'm just the messenger, I am Joan of Arc. So I can't tell you here, because I don't do active research - I do passive research. The easier version where you let the research come to you. "Come on, research. Come on, research." With the tele-control, "Come on… Oh, a programme about sharks." And then I know about sharks, you know. I know if you kiss 'em it disarms them, that's what I know. Apparently. So you can take that with you. Next time you're sliding down a shark's gullet then just give 'em a big snog on the nose. You know, as a last resort. It may work. And he may go (mimes shark spitting you out) "Bye bye, Mr Sharkey!" Or 'Toothy'. They never had, like Flipper, they never had the shark that did that, did they? (makes grinding shark noise) "What's that, Sharky? Three boys fell out of a boat? They're drowning? You've already eaten them? You're no fucking good, are you? Bugger off!" (sings) "Sharky the friendly shark, but not too friendly."

So, yeah, then there was the Greeks. Socrates, he was great. He invented questioning. Before Socrates everyone sort of went, "Yeah, suppose so." So after Socrates, he taught Plato who's, I'm sure, in a documentary somewhere and he taught Aristotle. Aristotle, said "The sun goes around the Earth" Wrong! Wrong! But in his day you didn't have to prove a theory. You know, nowadays if you say, "I think that soot is the elixir of life, if mixed with water," then you have to say, "Well, prove it!" "I will prove it, with string and iodine and a note from my mother." But in Aristotle's time you could say, "the sun goes around the Earth" and they would say, "Well done! That's a theory. Fantastic! Just a few photos, all right? Good to see you."

And then after the Greeks there were… Well the Greeks, they invented the Olympics, didn't they? Ah yes. In fact, there was the battle of Marathon. The battle of marathon happened, and then this bloke, he ran 26 miles, the length of Marathon, and then he said, "We won the battle of Marathon!" And then he dropped down dead. Now if you'd lost you could understand that, 'cause the conquering army'd be after you, and they're going to take out that next city, yeah? So you run, run, run, "They're coming… oh fucking hell!" You know. But if you've won, surely you just saunter down, you don't run. You get in the car, you get some naked people with you, you take a lot of drugs, "Hey! We fucking won! Three nil!" And you live forever. Surely!

All right, so it's true but not funny, that's what you're saying. OK.

But in the Olympics, in the last Olympics, in Britain we didn't do very well, got no gold medals at all, which pissed me off. But we're setting up a British Olympics, where each and every event is a British event, like the British hundred metres, "Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me, pardon me, excuse me…I think I was here first!" We should win that.

And then, performance-enhancing drugs are banned at the Olympics. OK, we can swing with that, but performance-debilitating drugs should not be banned. Smoke a joint and win the hundred metres and fair play to you! That's pretty damn good! Unless someone's dangling a Mars bar off in the distance, you know. Impresses the hell out of me. So I think we should have a stoned Olympics, I think there would be a… we'd like a stoned Olympics. If you get ten runners who are off their faces it'd be great (mimes runner off face) "Hey you… Oh, up there, right. I was gonna go down here…"

The stoned Olympics that starts… where people are tested for drugs, they are drugs tested, to make sure they have taken enough. And if they haven't they are banned from ever taking part in the stoned Olympics. They start off in Athens, where a joint is lit (mimes smoking plus trumpet fanfare) a huge Camberwell carrot, and then they run the three feet to the next athlete, (mimes handover of joint with another fanfare). They've all bunched up, and all the runners are kind of… (mimes people upset at waiting) … some of them already rolling their own. So there's fucking lit candles going in all different directions, all over Europe. Until you get to Amsterdam! Where the final athlete runs into the stadium and he runs up to that crucible where the eternal flame is lit, and he gets in and falls asleep.

And then the special opening happens with all the colours, and brightly painted children run out - having recently eaten hash cookies - and fall about laughing, and everyone goes, "Fuck, it's amazing! I've never seen anything like this!"

And the Games are not like the normal Olympics, where you get up a six in the morning and train hard and you run a race, but it's more you get up at two in the afternoon, Get down the track, a monkey with a gun starts everything (makes gun shot sound) takes out one of the competitors just for fun, and then you'd get a slice of pizza and you're off, on the hurdles (mimes a hurdler with a slice of pizza carefully negotiating the hurdles while eating). Each event would take about three hours. The high jump, where people would be running up going, "You've got to be kidding! How do you get up there?" Long jump: they run down, they fall into that sand pit. Best shape wins. Pole vault: they've got to get that pole and throw it over the bar. Javelin: a very dangerous event (mimes badly thrown javelin spiking someone) "Oh, sorry mate! Nothing personal. Is it a clean break? All right, do you want to just… can you run? If you run with this over there I've won, you see."

And the final event would be the marathon, the traditional end of the Olympics, where thirty-five runners from different countries run out of the stadium and are never heard of again.

But then… So the Greeks started that, but then the Romans came and they had stuff and aqueducts and viaducts and Marcus Aurelius. And he wrote a meditation on the Stoic principles, and the Stoics are great because you could poke 'em with a stick and they wouldn't care (mimes stick poking) "Hey, are you a Stoic? Hey, are you a Stoic… (mimes someone doing their best to endure being poked, but not quite making it) …You're not a Stoic are you? You don't like…" "Would you stop doing that." "You're not a Stoic. A Stoic wouldn't say do that! You don't like it." "Just fuck off will you!"

Like the Spartans had to stand in underpants with spears, on guard duty. There must've been some Spartans going, "I'm fucking freezing!" "You are a Spartan, you will stand in your underpants." "I'm not a Spartan, I don't think I am a Spartan. Genetically I think I'm a comfy man. I should be in an big armchair with an enormous duvet."

But then the Roman Empire fell - like this: "Ooh shit!" And we went into what historians call the 'Stupid Fucker Period'. Where everyone was, "Aah, I dunno! Is that a Roman Road? Can we eat it?" And then we had the Dark Ages where… "I can't even see! Who are you?"

And we had kings in England like Ethelred the Unready. What did he do to be called that? (voice of a lord) "My King, the ambassador from Pru…" (King) "Yeah, just five minutes, all right?" And we had Edward the Confessor, a king called Edward the Confessor. What the fuck did he do? (lord again) "My King, your stateroom has been…" (King) "Yeah, that was me." "But they trashed and they broke…" "Yeah, I think I did that." "But you weren't here, you've just come back!" "I know. I think I came back early and did that. I was in one of my things."

And then it all bottomed out with the Renaissance period. The Re - naissance (adds French 'r') rre - naissance. French for 'rebirth', renaissance. And that's why most of the renaissance period happened slap-bang in F… Italy. And… but they had a French name that gave them a certain 'je ne sais quoi', a certain 'savoir faire', a certain 'détente' a certain 'Jacques Girac', a certain 'cul-de-sac', a certain 'pomme de terre', a certain 'vie de la Dordoigne'…Fuck it.

Anyway, Galileo was there, Galileo, Galilii, Galilorum, Galilis, Galilis, Galilis. Who was a declension. And he looked at the stars and said, "I think, I think the Earth goes round the sun." And the Pope was overjoyed at the truth of his words. And put him under house arrest for 20 years. That Pope has been renamed Pope Shit-for-brains the ninth. But Galileo had his children. His children would run in and say, "Galileo, Galileo, will you do the fandango?" (bops to unheard music) "Thunderbolt! Lightning, and very very frightening. Donner, Blitzen, cabaret schnitzen. Grumpy, Dopey, Sleepy, Fart-face… Smack-head. And Kenneth." Yeah.

But they were great! The renaissance period, they were active in many different areas - pushing it away in many different places. Like, uh, who was that guy? Raphael! Not only a hairdresser, but he did coffees as well. Michaelangelo, a painter and a decorator. And when the Pope said, (Italian accent) "Michaelangelo, I want you to paint the Sistine Chapel." He said, (working class accent) "Yeah, no problem. I'll use these rollers, I'll do it in beige… uh, stipple effect you know, and two days we'll be sorted." "No, you get me wrong. I want a picture with the Holy Father, the Jesus Christ and lots of little fat kids with wings." "What about beige, stipple effect, two days? I'll be out your hair." "No, I need a painting that takes ten years to make, and Charlton Heston he do a film about it, with different hair, and…" "All right, blue, stipple effect, two…" "You fuck, you keep saying the same punch line. It does not work. You cannot say stipple effect! No-one knows what stipple effect is." "Neither do I."

And then, of course, Leonardo da Vinci, who did the Mona Lisa with the enigmatic smile, which is glum in fact, isn't it? That's glum! Enigmatic's just a big word that's all glum. She's glum, she's… And they X-rayed the painting and there's different earlier versions underneath it. The first version of the Mona Lisa was much more (mimes very big smile). Happy Lisa! The second one was (mimes sexy look) Sexy Lisa! And the last one was Moaner Lisa, "You fucking finished? Have you fucking finished? Fucking - I've been here 15 fucking years…"

But he did other paintings, like he did that guy in the bowler hat with an apple in the face, that's his. And the one of lilies which is all blurry, that blurry lily one. And he did a couple of Pissaros, one or two Lautreqs.

And he also made weapons of war, and pictures of anatomy. And he invented a helicopter that did not work. And so did I! Yeah, did not work! I accept your applause for my crap invention. For it had a lawnmower engine, it was made out of wood and string, and it went under water. My helicopter went under water… on paper. But then the paper would get wet and, you know, a helicopter that just exists on paper - it needs to fly in the air. And I'm trying to make this work as a joke… and it won't.

But in that Venn diagram of helicopters that do not work there's me and Leonardo da Vinci right in there. I think that's quite nice… (mimes the two of them being buddies) "yeah well, Mona Lisa? No, I wouldn't shag her!"

Who was Venn and his diagrams? Was he the most boring child ever? (upper middle class accent) "Father, I have my foot in your bedroom and also in the hallway. As you can see from my diagram I am not only in the bedroom, I am also in the hallway." "Venn, fuck of out of this house!" "All right, father. But I am outside of the house but my hand is in the window and my foot is in a grapefruit. As you can see from my diagram… (mime of patricide) Father, me and Socrates…both died."

Well, Socrates was killed - by his own people. He was, 'cause he questioned everything. You'd go 'round his house, "Uh, Socrates. Nice house!" "What is this house? Is it a house? What is a house a house? Is it made out of wood? Is it made out of steel?" (not even believing himself) "Out of Steel!" (back to Socrates) "Underground heating like the Romans?" "Just chill out, will you?" "If I'm out of the house am I chilling out? Am I chilling in if… (Socrates gets it, but continues) What is a sword? Is it made of folded metal? If I die on the floor can I get up in these heels?"

Yeah! So. But the Renaissance period - it was good, it was good. It was active, it was exciting for many things happening. Good film, you could make films out of it, you know, because there's - there's sex and death, the Borgias, the Medicis and Machiavelli wrote that book 'The Artist Formerly Known As'.

World War 2, that's probably Europe's biggest film: 'Saving Private Ryan'. The Americans steamed in, of course, as you know, and they were looking for Private Ryan, Private Ryan. Where was Private Ryan? It would have been nice to have had a British soldier in there somewhere in that story, as we came in on D-Day, after four years of war it would have been nice to show a British soldier. Maybe we could just look 'round the edge of the frame, "Hello! Hello, I'm a British soldier, this is a Canadian soldier here, Free French, some free Polish. There's Australians and New Zealanders, there's some Indian soldiers, South Africans. All been fighting here. What's the name for us? Oh, The Allies, that's it - The Allies, Hello, hello. How're you getting on? Yeah, don't want to interrupt your film but, you know, just… if you could swing the cameras over the lads all on Gold and Sword and Juno beach would like to give a wave…A little bit of a wave there. Four years of war… Dunkirk… The Blitz… The Battle of Britain… All that shelling, bombed to shit, no food to eat. If you could just swing the fucking cameras over the lads'd like to give a wave! You heartless bastards!"

We could have just wandered across the back of the thing at any point, "Hello! There's some free French here. They speak French, it could come in handy, 'cause you don't speak it - and neither do we."

And they were looking for Private Ryan. Tom Hanks getting pissed off in one scene, going, (American accent) "Private Ryan? Anyone knows Private Ryan? Private Ryan?" We knew where he was! All the rest of The Allies, we had maps with 'Private Ryan is Right Here.' We could have told him any time, but would they ask us?

And they had that scene in it where a Nazi was caught. You remember the Nazi? And he does that thing, a scene that we've seen before. He goes, (German accent) "No, no! I like America. Please take me back. G.I., G.I., Hello hello. Micky Mouse. Toot toot, Steamboat Willy, (American accent) Of all the bars in all the world you had to come into mine. Play it Sam!" And you look at him and think, "He's not a bad Nazi. He's probably one of the good Nazis."

But we've never seen the flip of that scene, where a British or an American soldier is caught, and they're going, under pressure, "But I like Hitler. Ich Liebe Hitler. Johnny, (sings) Johnny Hitler. Deutchland, Deutchland uber alles. Underneath the lamplight by the barricade…" 'Cause we couldn't have stood for that.


Let's flip back to God, who has a second go at making things. And He makes the human beings and he puts them on the Earth. But they start to worship false idols and cows made out of gold. So he says to Jesus, (James Mason) "Jesus, you've got to go down there and you've got to set up a new bit of Me religion. Supposed to be a Me religion. They're worshiping cows who eat their own sick. I don't eat my own sick!" "yes you do, but before it becomes sick!" "All right, that's a technicality. Now just get on down there, and don't take any of that Pagan shit going on. All right?"

He comes back 33 years later, "You bastard! They treated me worse than the fucking dinosaurs! God damn it! They cut my head off, but they nailed me to a tree for three days!" "Well I'm sorry, I didn't know…" "You knew all the time! Opposable thumbs! You knew they've got hammers. They're fucking twisted, this lot!" "Well, what happened?" "Well I went down and told them to hang out. I got some fisherman to help me, and that was crap because they were all hippie fisherman, going 'I converted someone to Christianity, they were this big. I thought it was that big. Oh, it got away!' And the rich came up to me saying they wanted to get into the kingdom of heaven. I said, well, it's easier for a camel to get through the eye of a needle that it is for a rich man to get into the kingdom of heaven." "That was pretty surreal of you." "Yeah, well, I'd been smoking a bit that day. But the rich, they got huge blenders and put camels into them and made them into liquid camel, and then they squirted them with very fine jets through the eyes of needles. So they're all coming up now.

And then I did the last supper, and I gave them some wine and I said, drink this wine - it is my blood." "You said what?" "I said, drink this wine it is my blood. I was trying to make it a ceremony." "But that's vampirism! Vampiric thing, drink my blood. You've got Pagan things right there on day one of the new religion!" "Oh, sorry." "Why didn't you say, drink this wine it's a Merlot?" "Oh, yeah." "Did you say anything else?" "What do you mean?" "Well, after the wine thing did you say anything else that might have screwed things up… for ever and ever?" "No." "Nothing at all?" "No." "Nothing about bread?" "Yes." "What did you say?" "Well, I said, 'eat this bread, it is my… favourite!' because it was hot so they had all those crinkly bits in it, and I loved it and… All right, I said it was my body, OK?" "That's… that's cannibalism! You have got vampirism and cannibalism right at the beginning… Oh, Gee! And you died on Easter, the biggest pagan ceremony in the history of ever! (losing it a bit) You're going to celebrate the year of your death in a different year, each year! Depending on where the moon is, for God's sake! If they don't work out that's pagan I'll just eat my hat." "Dad, don't worry. No one's going to work it out for 2000 years - until a transvestite points it out in New York!" "Oh, all right." "Well, what would you have done?" "I would have done cheese and wine. Cheese and wine goes together better. Eat this cheese, it is my body…" "But it's Judea, dad. Cheese melts." "All right: eat this cheese it is my central nervous system, all right? All right, all right, listen to this: eat these chicken drumsticks, they are my legs. Eat these carrots, they are my arms. Eat this tomato it is my head. And eat these oysters, they are my kneecaps." "If you do that, dad, your holy communion is going to have priests going round with lots of trays going, 'Who ordered the body of Christ, then?'"

But finally tonight, finally tonight I just want to talk about the future. The future. Where will the future be? Science Fiction writers, they write it down, they write it down in books. And then it becomes films, and then it all comes to pass, like those doors in Star trek: (whoosh sound) we've got them now! That's about it! But that's happened.

And they had 'The Empire Strikes Back', the fifth of the four Star Wars films. He is fucking with us numerically, isn't he! "Children, count up to ten." "Four, five, six, one, two, three, ten". No, it goes, four, five, six, one, two, three… No, it goes: four, five, six. One. Two and three have not been made." "Two and three have not been made! What should they be?" "What should they be? We do not know. All we know is that there will be a big floppy character in it that goes, (like Ja Ja) 'Brr brr, brr brr..' who needs a punch up the bracket!"

That's another one, that's the punch right there. Up the bracket. (indicates face) This is the bracket, I think. I didn't know, my dad used to say it to me, "You need a good punch up the bracket!" No he didn't, actually. He used to say, "I'll smash you through that wall!"

So, uh, where was I going? Yes, yes, yes, so Star Wars, I mean they had the Deathstar. Deathstar is a very… almost like a New York name, 'The Deathstar'. It gets to the point. (American accent) "What's that star?" "It's the Deathstar." "What does it do?" "It does death! It does death, buddy! Get out of my way… with your centilitres and your millilitres, your fucking combine harvesters."

Sporadic laugh that was, (mimes weird laugh) It's like I've gone in and removed some of your entrails... Ish, you know. Anyway.


So, uh, yeah, but the Deathstar, the one thing about the Deathstar is that there was no food. No one had food at all. No food at all! No one said, "Hey, Darth Vader, Emperor, just nipping down to alpha beta 9. What d'you want? Couple of sarnies? Um, chicken, ham, ham, chicken, egg, what? Coke? Diet Coke? What d'you want? What d'you want? You weird bleeders!"

But there must have been a Deathstar canteen, yeah? There must have been a cafeteria downstairs, in between battles, where Darth Vader could just chill and go down (Vader voice) "I will have the penne a la arabiata." (canteen server) "You'll need a tray." "Do you know who I am?" "Do you know who I am?" "This is not a game of who the fuck are you. For I am Vader. Darth Vader. Lord Vader. I can kill you with a single thought!" "Well you'll still need a tray." "No I will not need a tray. I do not need a tray to kill you. I can kill you without a tray, with the power of the Force - which is strong within me - even though I could kill you with a tray if I so wished. For I would hack at your neck with the thin bit until the blood flowed across the canteen floor…" "No, the food is hot. You'll need a tray to put the food on." "Oh I see, the food is hot. I'm sorry I, I did not realise. Hah hah! I thought you were challenging me to a fight to the death." "Fight to the death? This is canteen, I work here." "Yes, but I am Vader, I am Lord Vader. Everyone challenges me to a fight to the death. Lord Vader. Darth Vader, I am Darth Vader, Lord Vader. Sir Lord Vader, Sir Lord Darth Vader. Lord Darth Sir Lord Vader of Cheam. Sir Lord Baron von Vaderham. The Deathstar. I run the Deathstar." "What's the Deathstar?" (Darth is losing a bit of patience) "This is the Deathstar. You're in the Deathstar. I run this star." "This is a star?" "This is a fucking star - I run it. I'm your boss." "You're Mr Stephens?" "No, I'm… who is Mr Stephens?" "He's head of catering." "I'm not head of catering! I am Vader. I can kill catering with a thought." "What?" "I can kill you all. I can kill me with a thought. Just… I'll get a tray, fuck it!

(Still Vader) This one's wet, and this one's wet, and this one's wet. This one is wet, this one is wet, this one is wet, this one is wet, this one is wet, this one is wet, this one is wet, this one is wet. Did you dry these in a rain forest? Why, with the power of the Deathstar, do we not have a tray that is fucking dry? I do not…(someone has pushed in) No, no, no. I was here first." "You have to form a queue if you want food. Can I have, oh, penne a la arabiata, that looks nice." "No, no, no. D'you know who I am?" (server buts in) "That's Jeff Vader, that is." "I am not Jeff Vader, I am Darth Vader." "What, Jeff Vader runs the Deathstar?" "No, Jeff… No, I run the Deathstar." "You Jeff Vader?" "No, I'm Darth Vader!" "Are you his brother? Can you get his autograph?" "I can't get it… No, I'm… All right, I'm Jeff Vader! I'm Jeff Vader!" "Can I have your autograph?" "No, fuck off, or I'll kill you with a tray! Give me penne a la arabiata or you shall die. And you, and everyone in this canteen! Death by tray it shall be!" (scornful server) "Do you want peas with that?" "Peas? You don't have peas! You can't put red with…It doesn't work with penne, you don't put, unless you push them up the penne tubes, and then they'd be weird! Just…(gives up) oh, all right, put some peas on."

That was cut out of the final film.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

Well… God! God! Jesus… Eh, hello… ( hums a tune ) So – yes, showtime. (hums opening showtime tune) Actually, it’s kind of a crummy beginning, just walking out and going like this, isn’t it? I haven’t really got beginnings worked out; I really- I think in the West End, people are expecting a huge beginning, something like out of a musical, you know? 400 people will be on in the first number, even if the cast is only 30; 400 people on, going, (singing) “It’s Hollywood…” (mimes 50’s musicals number) They’re always going on three directions at once, you know… (mimes multiple dancers)

Or if it’s Shakespeare on the West End, then there’s moody lighting- three old people saying, “When shall we three meet again? Tuesday? Okay… I’ll get back to you on that. I’ll just drop a dime in the cauldron…”

If it was Pinter in the West End, then two people would come on, face different directions and… I’m not sure, I haven’t really read it. I should, but no- you know, some people are widely read; I’m thinly read. I’ve read fuck all! Not very proud of it. You know, some people say, “I’ve read Dr. Benoski’s book on cat eating by…” I haven’t read anything, you know. It’s cause I’m partially dyslexic. I was fully dyslexic until I met someone who was more dyslexic than me, and said, “You’re only partially dyslexic.” There’s a lot of rivalry in the dyslexic camp. “Rivvvalry” with three “vs".

“How bad is your handwriting?”

“Oh, mine is all over the place!”

Yeah, but it’s been all right…

So anyway, advertising! Yes, that’s what I brought you here to talk about! Yes, advertising… Because I’ve been looking at it, and I’ve realized that certain people in the advertising area are being paid huge wads of cash in brown bags in order to subtly adjust our minds. Because, in the old days, before the ‘50s, I don’t know, it was much more blatant, adverts were more like, “Come on, there it is! (pointing) Come on! Haven’t got all day, there it is!” And as consumers, we were, “Oh, okay, I didn’t realize! Sorry! Don’t hit me!“ (running towards the product)

Nowadays we have choice, don’t we? We’re much more choosy, and we’re much more aware of what we can buy, so adverts are more subtle, they’re the soft sell, much more like… (humming a tune and pointing discreetly at product) “Oh, look at that! Those two people like it, and they’re shagging…” That’s what happens, isn’t it? Shagging sells everything! That’s it, there’s an advert for coffee- You come around, “Cup of coffee?” “Ooh, let’s shag!” Yes! Adverts for chocolate bars, two bits of chocolate bar, one eats one, one eats the other, “Oh, let’s have a shag!” That stuff for cleaning the floor, clean the floor clean, and then you shag on the floor… Dog food, dog eats dog food… anyway… So… not sure what happens there, but…

Now, the washing area- the washing powder, washing clothes, laundry- all that kind of stuff is a very advertising-laid area, with a huge amount of adverts saying, “Wash your clothes! Wash your clothes! Oh, no, I’m gonna shag you…!” And I think if it wasn’t for the advertising, we’d probably just spray our clothes, and (smells it), “Oh, that smells okay now that I’ve sprayed it…”

And it’s quite a ceremony! Washing your clothes, you can take it down to the launderette; that’s one way. You’ve got a bag- three months’ worth easy of laundry, you pushed it into a bag, and you drag it down to the launderette, wearing clothes that should be in the bag, really, yeah? That’s what you wear to the launderette, that’s why you’ve gone to the launderette, because you’ve got nothing left! You’re wearing dressing gowns to work, it’s that bad! So you throw it in the wash, and you’ve got big machines down the launderette, huge machines with the big porthole windows, and you shove it all in; you never separate out the laundry, shove it all in! And you’ve got one choice – “bizarre wash”! That’s what you get. And you sacrifice a few socks and a pair of pants to the god of launderette, who sits in the back of the machine with a pair of chopsticks, going, (mimes eating with chopsticks) “Oh, lovely, yes… A sock, lovely! A bit of fabric softener… Yes, in it goes…”

And you take the washing out, shove it into a tumble-dry, and the tumble-dry glues it together, with static electricity, so that you get the washing out, put it on your head, and walk out (mimes balancing the washing on his head). Next day, you put on a pair of socks, and the rest of the wash says, (motions following)

“We’re coming, too! We’re coming!”

(mimes kicking the rest of the wash) “Go off! I’m just wearing these.”

“Nooo… static!”

All day, you’re trying to chat someone up – “Yeah, I know… (kicking wash away) Piss off! Sorry, I don’t know whose it is… it’s stray washing! Yeah… Look, fabric softener! Go! (mimes throwing fabric softener like a stick)”

Or you can wash your clothes at home, and at certain people’s houses, they have machines with a huge dial with all the letters of the alphabet on… and no instructions. You just have to guess. “Well, I’ll have an ‘H’ wash – want an ‘H’ wash.” And you stuff it all in, and once you get the stuff going there’s a pair of socks coming, “Sorry, we’re late! Sorry! We were in the back, where you left us. Oh, is the program started? Oh…” And then you let the socks back in the wash, and they’re going, “Excuse me… sorry, pardon me… I’m supposed to be in, I’ve got tickets!”

Or you’re doing white clothing wash, you say, “I’ll wash all my white clothes,” and you shove all the whites down, in a big pile, and you put some clothes in there that are almost white. You shove them in there, and then you take them out, put them to the side… “Actually, that would be fine in there… Maybe not… No, I’ve washed them a few times now…” And for a couple of days, you just go back and forth, and then you shove it all in. The rest of the deeper coloured clothes say,

“Oh, he’s doing a whites wash first! That pisses me off! Okay, blue underpants, you will infiltrate whites wash. You are our best undercover clothing! We’ve done you some forged papers, you’ll be disguised as a white handkerchief, okay? These have been done by Donald Pleasance, so they should be good. I believe you’ve been practicing a white handkerchief accent?”

(high pitched) “Yes, I have, yes, I have…”

“Very good, now off you go!”

And the blue underpants go… (mumbling in high pitched voice) sneaks inside the white wash, usually inside a shirt; shirts are a bit dopey, aren’t they? (mimes dopey behaviour) So it gets in, the whites wash goes in, and as soon as the clothing start going around the wash, the blue underpants comes up to the window, and goes,

“Hello! Blue underpants here!”

“Blue underpants in the white wash! Get them out! Let’s smash the glass!”

And the blue underpants are going, “I’m draining, I’m draining…” And if all your clothes came out a vibrant blue, it would be fine, wouldn’t it? But your clothes tend to come out a color that’s called “Pants Left In Wash.” And people know, and they point, “Yeah, yeah…” And then they stab you! Apparently, sometimes, you know… Yeah…

Nowadays, we’re more sophisticated as consumers. We go into supermarkets and we read the labels. (mimes reading label) “This jam is made by Nazis with dead trees, bits of mud and spit.” I don’t think I’ll have that one… (mimes picking another jar up) “This jam was made by groovy people and fruit who agreed to be in the jam in the first place. Volunteer fruit, better known as free-range fruit, allowed to casually chat to chickens.”

‘Cause you know the free-range chickens are so pushy, aren’t they? They go, “Oh, yes, all this field we range through now… and when they put the next field, we’ll range through that one too. And the big house, we’ve knocked that down… the farm house, yes.

And that’s our Range Rover over there, yes.” You’ve seen those Range Rovers with the high seats, and the chickens driving along, with such attitude, keep rolling down the window (clucking) Depends on how much you’ve smoked, I suppose…

Yes, so anyway, we’re more sophisticated, and the adverts are generally more sophisticated, they have stories, and graphics and cryptic adverts that you have to work out what they’re talking about, and then you go, “Oh, I see!” and you don’t buy it.

But not the washing powder people, they’ve done research and come to the conclusion that everyone prefers this bloke with the clipboard thing. This has been going on since the ‘50s, someone who’s locked in a supermarket going, “Are you happy with your wash? Excuse me, are you happy with your wash?” After a while, (rushing) “Are you happy with your wash? Are you happy with your wash? Tell me, (rushing) are you happy with your wash? Listen, (rushing) are you happy with your wash?” A small dog,

“Are you happy with your wash?”

“I’m a dog! I don’t know…”

But I’m also interested in the Secret Service. Good link, eh? No, I was watching this recent thing- Prince Charles, people have been attacking Prince Charles. It’s sort of a surrealist movement that’s been attacking Prince Charles, with hairspray, bits of jelly, you know… There was one with a starting pistol- now you can’t start someone to death, can you? Doesn’t work. “Bang!” (starts running) “What’s going on? I’m having a chat with the people of Australia.” “Bang!” (starts running away again) After about 100 of those, you’re pissed off, aren’t you? You’re not actually dead.

But he was very cool, Prince Charles, he was very… (pulling at his cuffs) He was doing all this cuffs thing that he does before he makes speeches, he always does it. I think it’s a nervous thing, as if he’s going, (pulling at cuffs) “Where’s my fucking shirt?! I’ve got no shirt on.” Or it could be a magic trick he’s doing, “Nothing here… nothing here… bunch of flowers!”

So he was just doing that, and the first shot went, “bang!” and he’s like, “Missed.” Second shot, “bang!” (moves to duck it) “Do you have a problem?” And we see the Secret Service people, they’re always there, in the suits and the jaws and the dark glasses, one hand always in there, as if at any point they could just go, “Bunch of flowers!” And they look so good, they give out this feeling of elite, highly trained, “Ohohoho, don’t fuck with us!” That kind of thing, and they move- you’re not focused on them, because they’re always shadowing, they never come in front of the person, they never come in front, like, “Fuck it! Me and him, come on!” It’s a bit too proactive if they go, “Come on, I’ll take you all on, come on! Oh, where’s he going?” They’re just cool and calm in there, with “bunch of flowers!” They give out this feeling of elite and highly trained, until you see some sort of rumpus, attack kind of thing. I’ve seen the Reagan one on television a few years back, and this one with Prince Charles, and the image changed from elite and highly trained to… (mimes disorganized attack) “Fucking get him, Kev! Get him! Run, Charlie, run! Hit him with a broom, hit him with a broom! Ruffle his hair, I hate that! Run! Run for your life! Hit him with a bucket!” (bonk) It’s not really what you want, isn’t it? It just doesn’t look controlled; you want kind of like Dr. Spock kind of thing- not Dr. Spock, Captain- Mr. Spock kind of thing, where he comes in and does that sort of thing there, and he goes, “poof!” Not this sort of, “Rough him up! Please shut up! Tip him over!” (sighs) Yeah, that’s what I think. So it doesn’t look very safe, that.

I’ve also been watching this program, “Question Time,” which isn’t- that’s the problem with “Question Time” – no one answers anything! That’s the trick. Basically, you ask another question back, that’s the way you get out of it. People say, “Would you like to explain, Mr. Prime Minister, why everything’s gone wrong with something or other?” And you always get someone that says, “Well, if you remember 20 years ago… I wasn’t there, so it’s not my fault.” And then you sit down, and everyone backs you up behind you, going “Toilet paper! Toilet paper! Toilet paper in our time! Good work, mate, whatever you say…”

But the main competition seems to me to be getting up, especially the cabinet members, in front of the bench, they get up to this big podium with a huge ring binder, with all their physics revision notes on it, that’s what’s in there. “After you let all of this by, you should fuck off!” And the other side is going, “Well, we’re not gonna let all of this by tonight, so fuck off there!” They’ve just got some huge ring binders, with all this bloody stuff on, that’s what the competition seems to be.

And actually you can get away with anything! I mean, John Major got away with a very good one just recently, he was talking about civil service, and there was a reporter that came out saying it was very wasteful or whatever, and Major said, “If you don’t think that civil service is the best in the world… then you should!” Kind of a dodgy argument there, you know… “Then you should.” I remember when I was five, going, “You smell… ‘cause you do! You’re a tree… ‘cause you are!” (rolling eyes) “Then you should!”

Politically, I am a radical liberal, that is my position. I would be a liberal, but the image of a liberal is sort of – because left and right have been in power for a long time in Britain, the image of a liberal is one of, “Oh… I’m not sure, and you’re…? Oh, really? And you…? Oh, really? I’m on the fence here…” But not for me, I am passionate about free health service for all, that’s a world idea, I think that’s very groovy, but also, if you have an idea, in small businesses or businesses don’t have to be sort of rape and pillaging things; that can be groovy. “Revolutionary liberal,” that sounds better to me, I think, storm the House of Parliament, kick the fucking doors in, get in there and say, “Look, we’ll pay for the damage.” Have a revolution, just budget for it, yeah? You know…

I’m into being European as well, I’m positive on that, and I think we have a problem – English people in general have a problem. We tend to go into the world, going, “Hello, hello… Hello, do you speak English? Hello!” You know, in Afghanistan. “Hello, sausage, egg and chips, please… A sausage, egg and chips. Okay, two sausages. Do you speak English? You just don’t try, do you?! Here all day speaking Afghan…” Which is a dog, isn’t it?

In Holland, they speak four languages, and a lot of them are “quatrilingual” – they speak Dutch, German, French and English. And they smoke dope as well! How do they have time? In Britain, we officially don’t and we speak one language. And in fact in Holland they don’t actually smoke dope, ‘cause they can, ‘cause it’s legalized, you know, so when you’re there, it’s like, “No, no, I live here I don’t need to, man,” whereas when British people go there, they just go mad, and go, “Fucking ‘ell!” (mimes shooting up, smoking and going generally bonkers)

“How long have you been here, man?’

“A minute!”

“You seen the canals?”

“I am a canal.”

Yes… so I’m also into people who shout for a living, I’m quite into them as well. There’s these market sellers; they’re in markets all day, going, “4 pence a pound! 4 pence a pound! (swinging from high to low) 4 pence a pound! 4 pence a pound!” 

“Excuse me, how much are the apples?”

“20 quid, man.”

“You were shouting 4 pence a pound.”

“Oh, I shout 4 pence a pound, but the fruit is 20 quid! It’s very expensive…”

And you go, “But it looks quite nice, a wall of fruit on the front steps…” So you say, “All right, give me some apples and some oranges and stuff,” and they always reach behind to this fruit graveyard… “Just let me add some fruit here… there we go. It’s a bit runny!”

And there’s auctioneers! They’re crazy people that shout for a living. There’s the posh ones, from Sotheby’s and Christie’s, they’re going, “This is a 14th. Century Ming thing… made out of Ming… by Mr. Ming, in the Ming period. If you don’t like Ming, then chuck this one, that’s what I say. Do I hear £2 million?“

And people do phone bidding! Don’t do phone bidding, it’s dangerous! You’re in there going,

(sotto voce ) “£2 million?”

“I’ll take that.”

“£2.1 million? £2.2 million?”

“Yeah, we’ll take that.”

“Sold to the bloke on the phone…”

“Oh, he’s gone! I think he’s called Greg… No, it was just ringing, I picked it up, I don’t know! I work in the kitchen! I’m sorry… I’ve only got a tenner… One, two…”

And there’s auctioneers out in the countryside, in the cattle markets. They’re just crazy people, they’re out there going (nonsensical auctioneer speak that turns into a song and dance) All the cows and sheep are going, “Is it me up on this one, or you?” (singing and dancing continue) And if you ever attend that, don’t move at all! Don’t move a muscle! Don’t cough!

(attendant coughs)

Auctioneer: “£4,000.”

“No, no.”

“£5,000.”

(mimes for auctioneer to stop with both hands)

“£10,000.”

(flips auctioneer)

“Another £2,000. Total of £19,000 to the man bidding against himself for this small dog here.”

The dog’s going, “I’m not happy with me wash!”

“What are you doing here?”

Cats and dogs are very interesting with human beings, ‘cause we have a pet relationship with them, and we’re the only animals that do this, you know. Giraffes do not have pet gazelles. “Gazelle, go and run in Africa.” They don’t say that.

And we have pets because they lower our blood pressure, this is apparently official – they lower our blood pressure. I don’t know how they do that, (mimes petting pet) you sort of stroke them, you go to sleep, and while you sleep, the dog puts one of those big, puffy things in your arm, and… (mimes taking blood pressure)

“It’s 180 over 60.”

“What does that mean?”

“I don’t know, I’m a dog!”

Actually, when doctors do that, they’re not actually taking your blood pressure; they’re just fucking around with this. They’ve actually got a jumpy spider behind your back and that’s why they’re… (mimes moving spider around) ‘Cause I saw one once.

“There’s a jumpy spider behind my back!”

“Yeah, that’s what we do! It’s jumpy spider-time! We’re into jumpy spiders.”

And the spider is going… (motions spider jumping about) True!

Yeah – so anyway, that’s what they do; your dog takes your blood pressure, and you fall asleep, and the cat drains all the blood from your body… and sells it to one of those mobile blood banks. That’s why sometimes you wake up, feeling all anemic, and you see your cat and dog counting out fivers, as the van pulls off. You ever had that? Yeah…

I don’t know, they lower our blood pressure. You stroke a dog, the dog goes, “oooooooo…” and cats go (drilling sound), because they’re drilling, aren’t they? That’s what they’re doing. They’re drilling, they drill for gold! They drill for oil, they drill for anything! Just for the love of drilling! When they’re behind your sofa, they’re just drilling. (mimes drilling) They’ve got goggles on, it’s okay! There’s a compressor over there… Your friends come and say,

“I think your cat’s drilling behind your sofa!”

“I don’t think so, that’s purring, that noise, isn’t it? Cat, are you drilling?”

And the cat hears this, whips off the goggles, (mimes coming from behind the sofa), “No, no… Drilling? No! No, I’m a cat! How would I know how to drill? That’s purring you’re thinking of, purring! Oh, yes, purring! Having a good ole purr back here… no drilling. No, no, okay… “ (mimes putting goggles back on and resuming drilling) Sometimes they drill 40, 50 feet, you know, just for the hell of it.

Cats are much cooler than dogs though, aren’t they? Cats have a scam going – you buy the food, they eat the food, they go away; that’s the deal. You have no control over your cat! You can’t say to your cat, “Cat, heel! Stay! Wait! Lie down! Roll over!” ‘Cause the cat’s just gonna be sitting there, going, “Interesting words… Have you finished?” While you’re shouting all this to your cat, your dog’s next to you, going… (mimes obeying all commands)

“What the hell are you doing? I’m talking to the cat!”

“Oh, I’m sorry!”

You wouldn’t even dream of training your cat. “Cat, come for training. Now stay… sta… hello? Hello? “ They just don’t care, they just piss off. And… dogs and cats eat dog and cat food, and you get this “new and improved” cat and dog food thing, and – I don’t know how you tell whether cat and dog food is “new and improved.” Do humans go (mimes sampling it), “Mmm, lovely!”? I mean, dogs just eat anything, dogs go… (mimes dog eating with both hands, very quickly) And you say, “Is that new and improved? Does it taste good?” and the dog is going, “Uh… I don’t know… Oh, it’s all over my shirt now! Jesus!” Whereas cats are much more choosy, cats will look through the food… (mimes cat touching food with paw) “So this is..? “New and improved,” is it really? Is it really..? Well, I’m going out.” (walks away nonchalantly) And they walk up to the cat door, they just stop there, they turn around and go, “Keys?” (mimes cat leaving) Of course, your dog can’t go, your dog’s going,

“Can I go?”

“No, I’m busy at the moment.”

“But the cat went out!”

“Yes… “

“And I can’t go?”

“No, no… He has a cat door, you see.”

“Oh, right… And why?”

“Well, I have no idea.”

I wonder who was the first cat that persuaded a human to put a cat door in. You know, they just do. We throw sticks at dogs, that’s the level we have dogs at. You’d never dram of throwing one for a cat. We throw sticks for dogs, and dogs go, “Oh, he’s dropped the stick! I better go and get that… (mimes chasing after the stick) You dropped your stick there. Thought I’d bring it back… And you hang on… (mimes giving the stick back and follows it with the eyes as it’s thrown again) Did you see me? I just brought that back! And then you thr… you dropped it again? It’s very weird what’s going on here… Now hang on to it this time, I don’t want to piss about all the time. You think I enjoy this? There you… Don’t fucking throw it!!” That’s why the third time, when they come back, they won’t give it to you, they go, (through clenched teeth) “No… I won’t let you take it!”

And the cat door thing is a vertical version of those saloon bar doors, where gunslingers in westerns would push their way in, and say, “I’ve come for you, Jack McGoo.” And someone at the bar would say,

“You’ve come for whom, sir?”

“Jack McGoo. Johnnie Googer? The Googer family? Oh, I’ll go away, then.”

And these expensive westerns- the cats have seen them on the telly. You watch a cat coming into the kitchen. Sometimes they just come in, just like gunslingers. They push their way in through the cat door, and just stand there, on one hip… and all the dogs in the kitchen just stop moving. The dog eating the food…. (mimes all the dogs’ actions) Other dog playing piano… (mimes as if to show the weapon) So he can get the tail out. Yes…

And cats are like that because they’re more responsible. They go outside, the fast car goes (sound of car speeding away), and they go, “Ooh, it’s a Mazda!” Whereas dogs, dogs just go mad, they get outside and go, “Got to chase, chase… Chase! Chase the car! Car! Car! Car!” (mimes dog chasing car) They chase cars up to 4,000 miles. “Car!” They catch up with the car… (panting) “Tag! You’re it!” (takes off running in opposite direction)

And cats leap up walls! Six foot walls, they just go… (mimes cat jumping) Lands perfectly, and turn… turn… and back flip and forward flip, and dismount! They always land perfectly, they never do that sort of wobbly-gymnast … (mimes wobbling) You never see cats on a wall having a problem, do you? You never see a cat going, (mimes tentative walk)

“Fucking ‘ell..! I’m not sure about this…” and a cat on the ground, going, “Easy, Ginger! Walk it out!” Yeah, that’s it.

Contrary to what you may be thinking, it’s not all roses being a transvestite, you know? It’s not that- you know, people say, “Oh, you transvestites, living off the state,” they say.

“Why don’t you just get back to Russia.”

“What’s in Russia?”

“Oh, I don’t know! A lot of transvestites, apparently.”

And in Russia, they say, “Get back to where they told to you to get back from…” I don’t know what these people say.

But also, some people say, “Oh, I wish I was a transvestite!” and I say, “Well, if you work hard at school, maybe one day, you know… After your exams…” So all right, this is what happens. If you’re a transvestite, people do gossip, I knew it would happen. They do car noises about me, that’s kind of weird, they go (making car noises) Have you noticed that in films there are lots of car chases? There are no car chases in books, are there? (mimes reading from book) “He looked up in the mirror. Behind him, the man was driving. He looked in the mirror and then he was driving. Oh, they drove faster, faster, driving fast and looking in the mirror. The other guy was pulling a face and driving fast, and then there was a terrible crash.” Just doesn’t fucking work, does it? Anyway…

So yeah, that’s me; people gossip about transvestites, but I told people I was a transvestite, so that steals their thunder. “Have you heard…? Oh, he told you! Bastard! (mumbles) I bet he’s not a transvestite! Yeah, that’s it! I bet it’s a tax-dodge to get a clothing allowance, yeah…”

So… oh, yeah! Clothes, wearing things. Women put on trousers back in the ‘20s, of course, we all know this, and at that time, people say, “Women can’t wear trousers! (growling) Back to Russia!” And women said,

“And why not?”

“Oh, very clever! Yes… Very clever question. Why not?”

You know, ‘cause there’s no reason, is there? Women wear whatever they want now, they have total clothing allowance, which is groovy; and so women wear what they want, and so do I! Yeah, that’s what it is; it’s just a choice thing, yeah. But you do get a certain amount of stick that goes with it, you know, certain people in the street give me a hard time – they’re dick-headed men, usually, and they hang out in groups of five, I think it’s because they have a fifth of a personality each, so they form a group of five… (audience claps) I appreciate your applause, but I don’t do this for applause… No, I do it for cash; it’s much better.

Anyway, they do, they hang out at Leicester Square, actually, in groups of five. They’re just there, you know, just waiting to shout at people. Must be a sad fucking life, they say, “Oh, five o’clock! Better go to shout at people.” (mocks shouting) They do, they shout at people. (mimes dickhead man) “Oh, a bloke in a dress! Bloke in a dress!” (cackling) “Bloke in a dress!” (resumes cackling) “I told him! Yeah… And he agreed, he is a bloke in a dress. Didn’t make very much sense to tell him…” And they shout at women as well, I don’t know why they shout at women. “Oy, darling! Oy, darling! (cackles) Oy, darling! (cackles again) I told her too! Yes…” I think there’s an idea of trying to chat up women, that’s what it is. “Oy, darling, you and me! You and me! You and me…” And if one woman ever did say, “Okay, let’s go now!” I think that would totally freak him out. (freaked) “She said yes! She said yes! That’s not the deal, she’s not supposed to say yes. I don’t know what to do! Have you got any instructions?”

‘Cause you can’t go out with someone like that, ‘cause you say, “What do you want to eat?” and they go (growls) “Pig runs.”

And actually there’s a code, when they shout- if people shout at you, there’s actually a code. When they’re shouting at you, “Oy, darling! Oy, darling!” means “I’m a wanker! I’m a wanker-! I am a wanker! We all are, aren’t we?”

They do this on building sites as well. I’m sure there must be some builders on a sixth floor scaffolding, putting bricks on top of bricks, and doing the carpentry and the electrics and stuff, but there are lots of builders up there on the sixth floor, who just seem to be leaning over the edge, (mimes reading) “Hey! Fucking ‘ell! The cat sat on the mat! Eat cheese banana… I can’t read that one. Fuck off!” And construction companies must go mad. “I’m sorry about your building, we got on the sixth floor, everyone was just shouting off the balconies! They say they’re calling out the plasterers to prayer…”

And when I was a kid, ‘cause I knew I was T.V. – T.V. is the abbreviation of transvestite, by the way, which is a bit confusing with television being T.V. as well – but when I was a kid, I realized I was T.V., and I didn’t tell other kids at school, on a cunning survival plan I worked out, yes! “Don’t tell other kids and survive school,” that was my plan. I just thought if I was five and said, “Look, guys, I happen to be a T.V. I just thought I’d explain this to you ‘cause I thought you could deal with this information in a positive and groovy way.” And that they would say, ‘Well, thanks for the information, and we’d just like to say we appreciate it, and we’ll grab sticks and let’s go!” (yelling and miming a chase) That’s what I thought would happen, probably no if I had the guts to say it, ‘cause I noticed if you do have the guts to say it, “Yes, I am a transvestite, I don’t care,” then people go, “Oh… Why is he not…? Oh…” ‘Cause people want to go, “Oh, you are a transvestite, “ and if you say, “No, I’m not,” and deny it, then they go, “Ah! Ah!” (pointing finger) “No! No!” “Ah, ah!” That’s the bully thing. It’s like the people in the street, they would be shouting at me for some time, and I decided to say, “Yes, is there a problem?” You know, some people are going, “There’s a bloke in a dress,” and I go, “Yeah…” and then they’re going, (sighs) “A bloke in a dress… A bloke in a- he’s a bit comfortable, the bloke in a dress… Shouldn’t we be backing off of this, going (mocking sounds and pointing finger)? He doesn’t have the victim mentality we usually request at this point of the debate…” That’s what they’re thinking.

No, I didn’t tell kids at school, ‘cause there’s a fascist elitism going on in the schoolroom. You still have big kids saying, “All you kids, give me stuff or I’ll kill you, that’s how it works,” and all the other kids saying, “No, we, the United Nations of Small Children, have placed a sweets embargo on you, big hairy kid. I’m Dr. Boutros Boutros-Ghali’s small kid. We’ll also be sending in two small kids with blue hats on to check the dismantling of your sweet-eating apparatus.”

So there’s a lot of gay and lesbian people around, and that’s groovy, and they have – what they’ve done is they separated sex and sexuality from what you do for a living. So you work in a bookshop? Okay, you’re good at selling books, you get on well with the customers? That’s what’s important, not who you sleep with or not. ‘Cause in the old days, they used to say, “Oh, you’re gay… You sell books? You probably shag the books! Yes, I’m sure! So we fire you for no reason at all…” Nowadays, it has improved, but if you’re a T.V. – this is what you have to do if you’re a T.V., because the image – the gay and lesbian people really don’t associate with the T.V., they say, “Well, we don’t know about that, go and live in a ditch somewhere.” It’s a bit poor cousins, twice removed, that kind of thing. But I think – also, ever since I came out as a T.V., if I’m relaxed about it, everyone else seems to go, “Yes, so what’s the problem?” Since I’ve come out, most people go, ‘Yeah…” 80% of the country, I think, don’t really give a monkey’s; they just go, “Well, all right, you’re a T.V., great. I’m cooking eggs, I don’t…” (mimes cooking eggs) Then, there’s 10% of the people who are a bit groovy, and this 10% of people, who are totally homophobic, who go, (growling) “Back to Russia!” It’s okay, if they wanna be homophobic, that’s all right; as long as they’re homophobic behind closed door and don’t touch anyone, I’m fine with it! I know a few people like that… So that’s what I say.

Also, fear- I’ve looked at fear in a big way, because coming out you have to deal basically with the whole world going, “Oh, you’re an abominable snowman,” and me going, “No! Don’t think so! No…” And you have to deal with this whole fear thing, and I tend to go towards things that scare me now, I think that’s very positive – not anything, like leaping off a cliff onto spikes scares me, and I don’t go, “Let’s go! Here we go… (mimes putting on helmet and jumping) “Oh, belly flop!” No, not all things, but I just notice this fear thing.

And there are not many blokes in makeup, so people tend to react to you sometimes really weird; sometimes I walk past people, and they go (mimes jaw dropping) You know, and I don’t know what to do about that, so I just go, ‘Hello.” They drop out, no more (mimes jaw dropping) Sometimes news agents are quite interesting. You know, the news agents probably see a lot of people coming in, not many blokes in makeup, and they see me and I see the signal goes through to the brain, and the brain goes,

“No information on this! No information! No information! No previous experience in this area… No previous… no previous… no previous experience… Don’t know what the fuck to do. Suggestions, get all the packs of crisps out of the way.”

“Okay, we’ll do that…”

“So I’ll tie all these papers together.”
“All right…”

“What- what- what do you want?!”

I can see that in their eyes, and I say, “I want a pack of crisps! I’ve got money.” And they go,

“What, you eat crisps? Thought you wanted to shag crisps!”

“No, I don’t do that…”

It’s funny, as soon as you start talking, they go, ‘Oh, all right…” Yeah… Interesting…

So I’m into ideas, this is my thing, because you’ve got to be if you deal with this. People who are philosophers write their ideas down on how the world works, and you can pick and choose. Religious I have more of a problem with, I am not a religious person, ‘cause they all tend to be exclusionist, in a way. I mean, there’s four or five big ones, and each one tells the same, “We are the main religion, by the way, and all you guys… no, sorry, you’ve got it wrong.” And the next one says, “No, ours is. We’ve got the thing upstairs, and no, no, no…” So it doesn’t tend to bring the whole world together, so I like world ideas.

I also think that if you institutionalize an idea, it can go wrong. That’s probably where it starts going on. Like Mr. Jesus, of the Christ family – oh, the Christ family, they had a great carpentry and everything! But he wasn’t writing things down when he was preaching, he wasn’t going, “’The meek shall inherit the Earth.’ Ooh, get that down! That’s a crackup! There’s a chapter-heading, that one! Yes!” No, he just spoke his stuff, and then he was killed by the Romans, and then 300 years later, the Gospels were written by Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, who were friends of Barry, Mango and Midge. Well, no, I still have a problem with these names – Matthew, Mark, Luke and John – they’re English! These are English people, I mean, you know, this is Galilee, Judea! You got names like Judas, and Jesus, and Elijah, something like that, but Matthew, Mark, Luke and John?! “Yes, that’s our friend Jeremy, that’s Sebastian, and… Kenneth. We’re all from Galilee…” Fucking ‘ell! Yeah, so… There was actually a disciple called Zebedee , yeah. All the disciples have people named after them in Christian countries, but not Zebedee. It was one Zebedee, and then, about 2,000 years later, a thing on a spring with a big mustache. ‘Cause Zebedee was a disciple with really weird ideas! He came up with the chocolate eggs idea, being given up by bunny rabbits at Easter, you know…

“Fucking ‘ell, Zeb, what are you on, man?”

“The eggs are chocolate, we can put things inside, you know?”

“This is Galilee! They’re gonna melt!”

“That’s true, yeah… Fucking hell! I never thought about it …”

Must have got lots of fridges… (mimes writing) “Perhaps not.”

But in the Medieval period, the Christian religion moved into the monasteries, and everyone had to wear brown; brown was the fashion, it was about 200 years of fucking brown… That’s why the monks mumble, (walks around while miming reading) “Brown again, brown… Spring fashion still brown, Autumn brown… fucking brown!” ‘Cause you had two looks – hood up or hood down, that was it. Hood up was for mysterious… (hums chant) and hood down for, “Surprise! It’s me!” They should have had a big afro underneath. (mimes afro expanding) “Fucking ’ell!” And they would dance to Gregorian chats, too! (singing mock Gregorian chant) It really never kicks in as a music, does it? (singing house percussion) So… and also they would copy the Bible from Greek into Latin, and the first letter of each page would be huge and ornate, ‘cause that’s how they used to read the Bible in the old days, “When Jesus came up the mountain…” to wake people up. (mimes waking up startled)

As human beings, we think ourselves pretty damn groovy. We do, because we have two things – we have communication… and we have thumbs. These are two things – communication, so we can say things like, “Well, I suppose so,” and thumbs so we can pick things up. Otherwise we just go (mimes pushing something around) , like cats do. You know how cats do that with a little ball of something or other…? ‘Cause if cats had thumbs, they’d go… (mimes picking up ball and putting it down repeatedly) It’s not so much fun, is it? Cats have a thumb half way up their leg, don’t they? They have a “lazy thumb,” it’s called, and the other reason they use it is to flick rubber bands at people. (mimes flicking rubber band)

“Ow! Who did that? Did you do that?”

(cat stares innocently)

“Did you do that, cat? Did you flick a rubber band at me?”

(stare continues)

“Found your drilling equipment the other day.”

(over) “He’s found the drilling equipment. The humans have found the drilling equipment. Open up Charlie tunnel. We dig ‘round the clock.”

Next day, you find your cat walking over the cat litter… (mimes dropping excavated soil while walking around and humming) Not in leggings, of course… And you go, “I’ve got three cats wearing trousers! What the hell is going on? And the cat litter- I emptied the cat litter! It’s up to here! They’ve gone mad! Also, I found three cats at the bottom of the garden, they’ve dug their way out. One was dressed as a postman, and had German passport papers… Another one dressed as a German guard, and the third one was in a motorbike, going to Switzerland! Steve McCat’s his name… Another two were riding a boat, and another one was James Garner…” Anyway… “He couldn’t read, he was on a plane, James Garner… “I’m talking about “The Great Escape” here… Yes, so…

What the hell was I talking about? Yes, human beings! Yes, we value ourselves pretty highly, but there are other animals that do amazing things, we just sort of skip over this. Like birds- birds fly, it’s an amazing thing; when you’re a kid, you really appreciate it, until you see one bird fly into a window, and you go, “Ah! Live in the sky, die in a window, yes…”Whereas we just got planes going straight into a cliff, or something, which is much more healthy. But birds do amazing things- every Winter they fly South, for their holidays, and they don’t get permission, they do it by ESP. “Calling all birds! Calling all birds! We’re gonna mass outside Mrs. Stevens’ house. She’s recently seen Alfred Hitchcock’s “The Birds,” so it should freak her out a bit… Bring your hooded look with you. Oh, yes, we’ve chosen Greece this year for our holiday, you’ll be pleased to know. Please bring suntan cream, especially you robins, who always get terribly burnt.”

And they all mass up, all the birds, looking mean and (growling), “Yes, we were extras in the film, yeah.” And they’re ready to fly, but then one bird must know where to go, and he goes, (mimes taking off) and they go, “It’s Steve, the bird! Follow Steve, the bird!” They all shoot up in formation, but they don’t go to Greece for a couple of days; they just fly ‘round and ‘round, and ‘round, and ‘round; there must be 60 birds back in formation, doing this (mimes flapping wings and walking around) who must be going, “Who the fuck is flying this year? Not Steve the bird! He’s terrible… We went to fucking Greece last year…” All the while Steve the bird has a huge map all over his face (mimes dealing with the map while flying) “All right, all right, don’t push! Let me get this map down… Now… Is that the Church of the Squire? That’s the post office… This is the Lake District! It’s the Lake District! Hold on, where is Greece?”

Also, they sing! Birds do birdsong, and it’s a beautiful thing, and people record it down, and say, “It’s a beautiful bird song,” and they put it on tape, but we know that the bird’s song is territorial! It’s a claim for their territory, if you translate the verses into English. If you translate it, it says, “Fuck off out of here! You young sparrows, get a haircut! I know your Dad!” You know that song, “A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square”? He actually sang, “Fuck off out of Berkeley Square!” True, yeah…

And then there’s flying fish! Flying fish are weird! All fish swim, except the flying ones… And why do they fly? They take off out of the water, fly along, but they don’t have feet; they can’t walk on the ground, they don’t go and perch up on trees and stuff, so once it’s up in the air, they go… (mimes flying) “Fancy a swim?” Strange!

Mountain goats! Mountain goats scamper up mountains – you never see mountain goats halfway up a mountain, knocking things in, clicking things on… “Okay, climbing now… okay…” They never use it, unless they do an overhang, if they go on an overhang, then… Mountaineers are half way up, and all these mountain goats keep… “Fucking mountain goats! There’s a hand-hold right there, mate, just go on…” Mountain goats get to the top, take photos… (mimes mountain goats posing) Then straight back down! (mimes mountain goat speeding down the mountain) Past the mountaineers – “Don’t worry, we’re doing lengths! We’ll be back again!”


Oh, yes, takes me back to swimming! I swam widths and lengths, more of a widths person myself… It used to be, “Well, we’re going to go swimming. All of you kids who can swim, off you go and look very lean and fit and cut through the water like… things that cut through the water. All of you, fat kids, here’s a bit of a puddle. In you go and humiliate yourselves in the shallow end…” We’ve got this float thing, a white, batted paddle, and you get in the shallow end… (mimes going in the shallow end of pool) and do widths across… Oh, it was terrible! It was an aqua zima frame, it was. You get to the side… (panting and turning around) And you just crawl like a really slow waiter or something, you know? You had two positions, this position or Captain Speedy! (mimes bowing down head and pushing paddle)

I did “Bronze Survival” Swimming, yes! I could save people in a bronzy kind of way… Yes, what would happen was… “Gold Survival” Swimming, they were very good, they’d bring you all the way in, save your life, give you a wash and brush up, and give you the bus fare home; very good service. Silver Service, they’d bring you all the way in, and just sort of serve up some food – come on, go with that! “And “Bronze Survival,” we’d just bring them up and leave them in the shallow end –

“Go on, you can move now!”

“You’re supposed to take me all the way in!”

“You paid for Bronze, you get bronze, mate!”

But point five of Bronze Survival was very interesting – it said, “When you fall into the water, remove- quickly remove your pajamas…” “Pajamas?” And I just mentally thought, “I must remember for the rest of my life ‘in pajamas…’” “Remove your pajamas from your body, tying off the arms and legs and the rest of everything, and then whip them over your head very fast, and then fit them to the size and consistency of a small boat.” All the rescue ships are going, “We must pick up the survivors! The ship has sunk… Look! A kid on pajamas in the back!” (sound of motorized boat approaching, mimes waving and hair moving in the wind) Someone holding on to the legs of your pajamas, waterskiing behind… (skier waves too) Don’t think it was gonna happen!


And then, there’s bees and wasps. When you’re a kid, bees and wasps are out to get you, so you run from bees and wasps. (mimes running while chased away by bees and wasps) “Bees and wasps!” And they’re always just behind your head… “There’s a wasp behind my head!” They’re on a tractor beam, gotta cling on there… And they just chase you, and your Dad, who’s working with the bees and wasps, comes out and tells you, “Stand still!” and you go, (in a very low voice) “What? No…” And the wasps go, “Thanks, Dad!” (sounds of speeding and crash)

And later on, you realize that bees aren’t so bad, because they only sting you once, and they only sting you as a last resort, which is the equivalent of the “do or die” card in “Escape from Colditz, The Board Game.” And also they make honey, and that’s an amazing thing! Bees make honey?! We’ve known this since we were kids, so we take it absolutely for granted, but bees are insects, furry body, red- not red, yellow and black stripy, hairy leggy, big ears- big eyes! Big ears as well, but they leave them behind when they go out. Got out of that one. Medium size wings, you know- they’re buzzy things, you know, and they make honey?! Which is in your morning, on your breakfast-y toastie, in a jar, kind of- how do they do that?! I mean, do earwigs make chutney? Do spiders make gravy? What is going on? Earwigs going, “Get the chutney under that stone there. (singing) We make chutney all day… It’s an earwig’s life, ain’t it? Put the chutney in there, there we go.” And spiders, saying, “Gravy, yes… no problem at all, mate. We’ll make spider gravy, the way spiders like to make it, yes… Put that cube in there… Hold on, Legs… There you go, mate. Can we get the measuring jar back when you’re finished?” It’s very weird!

So they way bees make honey, is they get 10 bees together, they fly down to a supermarket, they get a jar of honey, and they bring it back, that’s how! And the Queen Bee just gets a big knife, and spreads it in… in some artist’s fashion, in the big combs in the back. The worker bees just look on, and the drones come in occasionally and go (drone sounds) “Would you piss off, you drone bees?” (drone sounds continue)

That’s bees; wasps have this one sting thing that works for them. “I’ll sting him, I’ll sting him, (singing) I’ll sting this guy over here… pow! I’ll stick this brick for no reason, I’ll sting this thing, and this guy once again…” And they sting whatever they want, and then they get back to the hive and make nothing! Nothing at all! They just smoke dope, all day long… all through the Summer, and so the old sting is stoned out of his brain… (wobbling about and singing) “Fancy a carpet? (singing continues) I used to be a flyer, yes… Fly through the sky, those were the days… Me and Baron Von Richhovenwasp…

Yeah, now I’m a rambler, no longer a flyer, I ramble… (singing) I like to ramble cross carpets… Oh, I’m dead! (mimes dropping dead) Yes…

And also, bees look for pollen; they find pollen, and when they do, they come back to the hive.

“I’ve found pollen.”

“Where did you find pollen?”

And instead of telling the other bees, they do an intricate dance in front of them.

(singing and dancing)

“Brian, where’s the pollen?”

(resumes singing and dancing)

“Where’s the bloody pollen, Brian?! All this leaping about can wait until later!”

Why doesn’t the first bee who found the pollen say, “Follow me! (buzzing) Here it is.” That could work, couldn’t it? No, they don’t think…

But television, television… no link. Bees sometimes are on television, and television – is that what you want? (chuckles) It’s not like sometimes bees watch television, but they do, when they fly by, you know, and they go by a telly, and they just stop… (buzzing sound) ‘Cause, you know, they’ve seen it, or it’s a repeat, or something.

I’m interested in television, even though I only rarely go on television to say that I’m not going on television that I am on television, because… (sotto voce) which is working quite well… I’m into it, I like it as a media; I think the whole world is getting hold of it, it’s becoming a good communication tool, where it brings us closer together; and I think that’s a groovy thing.

But also the B-movie genre, this big dumping ground of films on television has become a huge cultural item, ‘cause there’s so much of it! And I love it, I tend to watch television only now between 12:00 and 4:00 in the morning, and you get this rubbish on! Absolute- I can watch it, I don’t know why… I’m addicted to crap; but no, there’s the horror movies that come on, and you know they’re on telly, even if you’re not watching, ‘cause all the theme songs are… (singing overdramatic music) “Oh, my God, oh, my God!” And all the titles in the films are, “The Thing That Came from Somewhere,” ”The House That Jack Built…” You know… Expensive horror films have more expensive theme tunes, with sort of choirs of small children, going… (singing eerie melody)


And then, there’s “Dracula.” “Dracula” is the most successful of them all, the biggest myth in our mind. Dracula, or Dracul, or Drac, or “D,” depends how well you know him… But there’s a weak link in the Dracula story, which is if you see one Dracula film, or one presentation having to deal with Dracula, you know what to do. Because if a vampire came in here right now, we’d all do the sign of the cross, we’d do stake through the heart, and then we’d do garlic bread, yeah? Perhaps garlic bread as a starter, and then the stake through the heart as dessert… The cross in the middle, stake… We’d work it out.

Yeah… we’d all know what to do. And also I think we’ve all been thinking this without actually sort of consciously bringing it forward; when you watch this film, you think, “Does fingers work?” Just doing the sign of the cross with your fingers- do you have to have a cross with you, or can you just do that? (crossing fingers) If it’s just fingers, it’s great; anyone can do it, you know. If you have to carry a cross around, we know that the cross works, okay; but if the tops gets knocked off, it’s a T-sign- does that work? Does the vampire go, “Er… that’s a T-sign! I’m not upset by that!” But if you hold your thumb up above it, it’s a cross, which means it’s a shape, so fingers should work! And if it’s so, they’ve got no chance- vampires are going, “Ah, ha, ha! I will bite you now!” And you go,

“No, fingers!”

“Oh, sorry.”

“Ah, ha, ha!”

“No, I’ve got fingers too!”

“Oh, yes, you do!”

“Ah… oh, you know too? Okay…”

And he just becomes like one of those questionnaires people that you meet on the street. (mimes vampire holding clipboard, trying to question people)

And also I think a few other things should work with vampires, like a chainsaw – that should really work. If you take a vampire, and you remove his arms and legs with a chainsaw, that’s gonna slow him down a bit, surely. “See the vampire, see him fly…” (crashing noise)

“Slowed down a lot, that one!”

“Ah, but I’m Dracula! I am here!” (evil laugh)

“But you’re in a trolley, mate.”

“Yes, there was a chainsaw, you see? Could you just bend down here? I’ve just dropped my keys. Could you just bend down?”

“No, you’re gonna bite me, aren’t you? I know… just piss off, mate!” (trolley noises)

Also they piss around with the myth… in a lot of them, but especially in the vampire one. We all know that Dracula must be in bed by dawn; all the vampires must be in bed by dawn, otherwise they go (blows raspberry) and turn into jelly with smoke. Now we know, this is a firm plank of the myth, but if you saw Francis Coppola’s “Dracula,” with Gary Oldman as Vlad The Impaler, (imitating Oldman) “I’m Vlad the Impaler.” (as Sean Connery) “I am Vlad The Impaler.” That was Sean Connery in the film “Never Say Never At Dracula Again.” (as Connery) “I’m Dracula, I’ve got this thing on my watch, see… (stretches wire out of watch) This capsule here, you put it in your ear and it explodes…“ Yeah, sorry… Yes, Gary Oldman as Vlad The Impaler, and in the middle of this, they want him to have scenes with this woman called Mina, who looks like his old wife, from years ago, and in the middle of it, they shoved it in – they sneaked it in, in fact, just very quietly, “Not many people know that vampires can go out during the day…” and people watching are going, “yeah…” I was going, “No, ‘old on! Absolutely not! No way!” I mean, what is a low-power vampire anyway? They can go out during the day, but they’re called “low power vampires.” What the hell is a low-power vampire? They go… (mimes jumping about flapping arms) Can’t actually fly anyway… and they leap in front of you, “Ah-ha-ha!” (blows raspberry) That’s all I do. No, I’m a daytime vampire, go on, thank you. Ah-ha-ha! (blows raspberry again) Cheers. Sign of the cross to you too, mate. (continues to blow raspberry to passersby) At least react!” People are going,

“Officer, there’s a nutter in the park!”

“Oh, it’s a low-power vampire, they’re no bother this time of year. Be in bed by nightfall…”

(sighs) Yes… true story. I saw one vampire film once called “Dracula Is Dead!” He started off dead, and I thought, “Oh… no climax here!” But then, they said, “Not many people know that vampires can come back to life once they’ve been dead-ed!” I go, “No!” But then they said, “Oh, yes, if a pig comes by Castle Dracula on a Tuesday, playing a banjo…” That’s a crowbar plot move… So he’s back to life, and he gets to England. Four Victorian people saying, (as James Mason) “Let’s go to Castle Dracula in Transylvania for no reason at all. Will you come with me? I, James Mason, will go there. Come, Agatha, Tabitha, Bagatha, let’s go to Castle Dracula and… create a plot for this film.” And in Transylvania, they always go to a pub there, for a bit of local color; lots of people with big beards that you know is strapped over the ears…(mimes joking around with fake beard) “Which gap to drink through?” Pull the beard, have a drink, put it back, yeah…

“Oh, certain folks around here aren’t from ‘round here…”

“We’re from Devon. We came over for the ski. Food’s a bit weird, but okay…”

“Hello, my name is James Mason, and we’re going to Castle Dracula. This is Agatha, Tabitha and Bagatha… Name’s a bit weird, but there you go.”

“Well, I wouldn’t go to Castle Dracula if I were you, sir. You’ve got to film if you go up there, it’s very strange.”

“We nevertheless wish to go to Castle Dracula, though. The film is about four people gong to a pub.”

“Oh, no one laughed at that joke, mate! You’re a crap James Mason! You’re not coming out of that one! You fucked up!”

“Yes, I did, I planned to fuck up there; just to show you how to escape from a fuck up.”

So they go to- I don’t know where I was going with that- but they always go up to Castle Dracula in a coach driven by a total monster; big, hairy thing going… (evil laughter) “Back to Russia!” And Castle Dracula looks like hell on toast, you know, and all the victims in these films have had their common sense glands removed… If we were in that coach, we’d be going, “We get the fuck out of this coach now… Man-eating wolves, I don’t care! We’re walking back!” Everyone in the coach is going, “A tad slower, cappy? Oh, delightful place! Kind of spooky…”

Saw these people go camping in millions of films.

“Let’s go camping in the forest of Death and Blood.”

“Whoa-whoa-whoa! Forest of Death and Blood? Is there a story behind the name, maybe?”

“Well, yes, there is. Everyone who goes in dies from death and blood.”

“I’ll pass on this one. My cat’s exploded and I thought… I’ve got a bad leg anyway.”

But they go off and camp in the forest, and then a storm comes in, they can’t go back, and the bridge’s been blown up by squirrels… And they stay in a house, a wooden house, and in the middle of the night some twit says, “Look, there’s something moving in the forest about eight miles away! I’ll go and check…” Don’t check, please don’t check… That’s what curtains are for, you go, (mimes peeking through window) “Oh, my God!” But they say, “I’ll go check, and I’ll take a thimble with me… Don’t come near me, I’ve got a thimble!” They never listen to the music, do they? (singing ominous melody) We’d be going, “I’m not going down there! It’s spooky down there.” (ominous melody continues) “It’s spooky down here too.” (mimes taking a step and hearing ominous melody repeatedly, until he takes a step and the music is lively)

Sometimes this guy is determined to get there… (singing ominous melody) “Piss off, you cellist! Stop following me in the forest!” (mimes cellist walking away while playing) The guy goes deep into the forest, and once he does, you know he’s had it. He’s going… “Oh, it’s is an axe murderer! It is! We weren’t sure… I thought it was either you or a badger! You know, could be a badger or an axe murderer, and it’s you! (mimes axe murderer whacking character) Oh, send a party!”


But there’s one B-movie that became so huge it became a name movie, and everyone’s talked about this, it’s been multi-talked about- that doesn’t mean anything, really - and everyone’s talked about “Star Trek.” And that is the thing, but it’s so weird, ‘cause “Star Trek” had 60 television episodes, that were repeated forever, and there are two spin-off series now and six films, and nothing has ever done this! I mean, “Batman” is sort of doing a bit of this now, but not like that. And it’s huge! I was trying to work out why, and I think it’s because the characters in the film became bigger than the actual actors, in a sense that if you ever saw “T.J. Hooker,” this cop series, it was Captain Kirk playing T.J. Hooker, not William Shatner, the actor! You’d just think it was the commander, Captain Kirk, who’d come down to Earth and said, “I’m gonna be a cop for a bit,” you know…

If you ever see the television series again, don’t watch the actors in the stories out front, going on in the scene; watch the people in the back, who’re working away in all these cardboard and flashing lights, essentially, ‘cause it’s just a set, and they’re going, “I’ll pull lever B now…” There’s a lot of clipboard work, have you noticed? People go around on clipboards, going, “Yes, you’ve got a machine, well done… And the machine… would you like to sign on that? Thank you…” With a clipboard, there’s a lot of clipboard people in there.

Spock was there, he had this big cylindrical bag… sort of computer screen that he was looking into, saying things to Captain Kirk: “Captain Kirk, we’re going to die in .28 seconds. Oh, should I have told you that earlier? Sorry about that!” And he’d put Twix and stuff neatly down, then he would just sneak in and… (mimes eating in hiding) And Uhura over here, in the swivel chair, going,

“Mr. Spock is eating a Twix! He’s eating Twix!”

“Shut up. Shut the fuck up! (sternly, as Spock) Shut the fuck up, Uhura!”

He couldn’t get overemotional, Spock; no matter- all the actors should have just stomped on his foot, while shooting the scene, because he couldn’t go, “Fuck off!” He’d have to go (mimes restraining himself) “Captain, I’m very annoyed with Uhura.” (mimes threats) Or pour black soot over that oval computer screen he’s always looking at. “Oh, God, I’ve got this stuff all over my face! I gotta… (restraining himself) I am not happy…”

And there was Uhura, and she had fingers; it was always different fingers. “Captain, it’s Starfleet Command on finger three.” (swiveling around in chair and switching fingers) “It’s the Klingons on finger two, Captain. It’s your Mom on finger four.”

And Spock- no, Kirk, Captain Kirk, in the big swiveling chair, he’d keep records, press a button and go, “Captain’s log – Supplemental Bidoo-bidoo-bidoo, that’s all.” He’d sign a lot of clipboards all day – “Thank you very much, clipboard… ‘To Cliff from Captain Kirk’ Well done…”

And there’s Chekov and Sulu, down the front, both driving, they both had steering wheels! Too many steering wheels… but you never saw them in the morning, when they came in to the starship Enterprise, going, “Oh, get the engine on, Chekov! It’s fucking freezing in here! Boy!” (mimes starting up ship) You also never saw them backing up either, Chekov going… (mimes backing up) “Captain Kirk, put your head down a bit.”

Scotty- the actor playing Scotty, he must have hated the scripts! Every week, the same sort of script-thing. “Oh, not again! Not the same script, for fuck’s sake! ‘No, Captain. I cannot do that, Captain. I have no ability to do that, Captain. What speed you wish for, Captain? No, I cannot provide that at this time. No, you’ll never guess; it’s the engine. No, it’s the carburetor that’s gone this time. No way, who’s there? The cat’s eaten the Delethian Crystals, you see, and it’s coughing up fur balls, and…” He could never do anything! There was Kirk going, “Scotty, we need to go back to 9 in five seconds, or we’re toast!” And he goes, “I can give you 30 miles an hour in a week, Captain, how about that?”

And there was Dr. McCoy, a doctor so dramatic- so overly dramatic! Down at the surgery, going, (overacting) “Jim! Jim! Christ, Jim! Jim, it’s me, “Bones,” Jim! Me! McCoy! How long have I known you? Jim! Me! Spock! Christ, Spock! Man! Jim! Spock! Me, “Bones”! “Bones”! Me! Spock! Christ! This boy is dying of lurgey! Lurgey, Jim, lurgey! Five lurgeys, two of them I’ve never heard of! Christ, Spock! Jim! How long have I known you, Spock? Jim’s known this boy… Christ! Jim, Spock, me, Christ… I have to remove his brain, his liver, his lungs, and his spleen, and I have to do it with a torch as well…” (mimes using torch) They always do that torch thing…

Then they would all get bored. “Let’s beam down somewhere! Last one down the energizer room is a wanker!” (mimes rushing to energizer room) And you knew, if all the name cast were beaming down, they were coming back; that’s how it was. But if there was a new bloke beaming down with them… (mimes subtly pointing at the new guy) “Who’s he? You got really worried about the new bloke, especially if he was wearing a red jumper…

(sotto) “Who the fuck’s he?”

“That’s Stevens, sir. Stevens, from Accounts.”

“Accounts? Didn’t know we had an accounts department. Stevens?”

(campy cockney) “Yes, sir? Oh, hello. I’m from Accounts. I thought I’d just beam down on this landing party... Well, last time the figures were a bit weird, you know? 400 packed lunches were eating, and there was only two of you beaming down! So I thought I’d beam down; put my best red jumper on…”

“”We’re all wearing light blue, did you notice that? There’s a target on the front of your shirt, yeah…”

“Oh… oh, really?”

“It’s okay, prepare to beam down.”

“All right, Captain.” (humming eerily and shaking all over)

And the rest of them are looking at him…

“What’s all that about, Stevens?”

“I thought I was beaming down!”

“We’ve got a machine to do that. We pull that lever, you see…”

“Oh, you bastards! You just let me do that!”

(mocking sound from Captain Kirk)

Then they beam down to an oval of gravel, with six big rocks in the back… every week. “Captain, strong déjà vu here!” And they get out these machines… (machine beeping) “Captain, this entire planet is made of “willy-wee.” And also you, Captain, and I checked with Sulu and Uhura, and everything we never thought of is willy-wee. I think this just must be a box of “willy-wee…””

But then there was the phasers. Now the phasers were just there; you just had two settings – kill or stun, but it should have been a much more amazing weapon, ‘cause they had very advanced technology. There should have been many more settings, not just kill or stun. Kill, stun, limp- that’s a nice one, isn’t it? All the “Star Trek” people over there with the phasers, and all the people on the planet would be over here, going, “It’s people… invaders! We must get them! Yeah!” (mimes attacking and suddenly limping after phaser is shot) “They’ve set their phasers on limp, oh… Get out of here.”

Or set it on “Bit of a Cough” setting, even lower. (mimes attacking and getting a coughing attack) “Get some Spectrum, quick!”

Or it could have “Depression” setting, that’s, you know, an emotional setting. (mimes attacking and sudden onset of depression) “Oh, bugger! It’ll never work, let’s just… I don’t know, my whole life down the drain… Invaders, invaders…”

“Bad Ice” setting, that could work. (mimes attacking, then skidding on ice) Bear with me, please, I’ve thought of 100 of these.

“Ice-cream Van Nearby” setting, that’s one. (mimes attacking, then getting distracted by buying ice-cream) “Oh, two, three…” (mimes eating ice-cream)

Then you have “Sudden Interest in Botany” setting – (mimes attacking, then getting distracted by a plant) “Ooh! (mumbles) Repot every summer…”

“Water in Ear After Swimming”! (mimes attacking, then jumping about to get rid of water in the ear)

Oh, yeah, and finally, this is very totally finally – “Oven Left On At Home” setting. (mimes attacking, then turning around and running in the opposite direction) “Oh, shit!”

So that is it. That is my totally nonsensical show; I hope you enjoyed some of it, if not, the intention was there as an escape route. So thank you very much for being here, and thank you for bearing with me. Cheers, good night.