Trevor Noah

Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Hello. Yeah! This is us. Hello. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Nice to see you. Thank you. Thank you. Welcome. Welcome. This is us. Washington, D.C. Yeah! Okay, you guys feeling good? Yeah? That's good. That's good, yeah. Whoo-hoo, whoo-hoo to you too. – Whoo! – And that as well, ma'am. And that as well. I love that. I love the sounds people make. It's so much fun, yeah. We're just– we're just throwing language out of the window. I like that. I feel like we're devolving as human beings now. No, 'cause that was the thing that separated us from the apes, wasn't it? The fact that we chose speech. Yeah. The monkeys used to run around and screech. And we were like, "No." English. But now, we've started to go back to that, started to embrace our roots. People get excited, "Are you happy?" "I'm real happy." "How happy?" "Whoo-hoo, whoo-hoo! "Whoo-hoo! "Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Ow!" That's one of my favorite sounds. It sounds like someone's having so much fun they hurt themselves. Like you didn't plan ahead of time. Ow! Too much fun. Such a weird sound. I love it. And you know what's crazy is that we all know what that sound means. We don't agree on anything in this world– race, religion, politics– but that sound, that "whoo-hoo," has united us all. You can make that sound anywhere and people accept it. As long as there's alcohol present, you can make that sound. Whoo-hoo! But there has to be alcohol. You can't make that sound anywhere else. You can't make that sound in the office. It's unacceptable. Your boss won't allow it. You can't be like, "Final email. Sent. Whoo-hoo!" "Johnson!" "Sorry, sir. Sorry, sorry." Can't make that sound in church. "And that is why Jesus died for our sins." "Whoo-hoo!" "Sorry, pastor." "Go to hell." You just can't do it, but everyone knows it. Everyone knows what "whoo-hoo" means. It means happiness, yeah. The happiness of the people. Strange, because no one asked me to vote on it. I didn't get to choose. If I was to choose, I don't know that I would pick "whoo-hoo" as the sound of happiness. Strangely enough, I think it may be more apt as the sound of sadness. I could see it, at a funeral. Family gathered around the caskets. Tears streaming down their face. Pastor reading the eulogy. "We'll always remember Mary "as a loving mother, "a caring friend, "foodie, blogger, "and wonderful sister. "Before we lay her to rest, "would you please join me now as we observe a moment of whoo-hoo." Everyone's standing there in tears. [imitates sobbing] "Whoo-hoo! "Whoo-hoo! Ow!" There'll always be one big lady in the corner, [Amazing Grace melody] ♪ Whoo ♪ Whoo-hoo ♪ Whoo-hoo, hoo-hoo "Thank you very much, sister." Such a fun sound. The sound of happiness. The sound of white happiness, in particular. Yeah. I've tracked it. I've searched for the source of whoo-hoo and I found it originated with white people. White– white woman in particular. Yeah, that's where it comes from. That is the sound of a white woman's turnup. That is the sound of her getting into the game. It's like, "Tammy! Whoo-hoo!" And that's where you know it's on. Yeah, 'cause everyone else learned it from a white woman. That's where it came from, you know? It spread through society like a virus. It's not the natural sound anybody else makes. White women make that sound instinctively, but everyone else has learned it. Like, white men were the first ones to learn it, because for them, it's sort of like a mating call. They know what it means. They have to reciprocate, like, "Whoo-hoo!" "Whoo-hoo!" But everyone else had to learn it. It's a natural sound for them but for nobody else.

Like, black people whoo-hoo but it's not the natural sound black people make for fun, you know? Black people can whoo-hoo. Black people often do whoo-hoo, but it's not instinctively a black sound of happiness. And I think it's because black people aren't comfortable with the whoo-hoo. Deep down inside there's a certain moment in whoo-hoo when every black person stops enjoying it. There's just– there's just a moment when– and maybe this is just my personal experiences, but I fear it sounds eerily similar to a police siren. There's just a moment where it stops being fun. [cheers and applause] There's just that split second where it's like, "Whoo-hoo, whoo! "Whoo, whoo, whoop-whoop, whoo. Whoop. Whoop. Boop." [laughter] Put your hands in the air... and keep them there. It's not the sound of happiness in my life, that's not– Although, I guess that's why white people do it. 'Cause white people love calling the police, so they're probably like, "Whoo-hoo! "Oh, my God, the cops are here! "Party time! Come on in. I thought you'd never make it." 'Cause white people do, white people have a very different relationship with the police. I was trying to explain this to my friend, Dave. You know, when we're hanging out he's like, "Dude, what is it with black people and police?" I'm like, "It's not that black people don't like the police or hate the police, it's just that– it's just that we have a tumultuous history with the police."

One day we were driving– we're driving on the highway and the police car pulled up behind us and I got tense. I just got really tense. And he's like, "Dude, what's going on?" I said, "The police. The police are behind us." He was like, "Yeah, and? Did you do anything wrong?" I said, "That's not the point." Because it really isn't. For white people, that is the point. The police will send you to jail if you do something wrong. As a black person, you have a different relationship. The police may send you to jail just because. I know this because I was– I was driving– I got pulled over by the police for the first time in my life in America. And already, I'm not very comfortable when driving in the United States, you know. Not because it's the other side of the road, but because it's the other side of the car. I'm not used to that, you know. Like– like, I always get into the car on the wrong side. I'll be shopping and I'll come back to my car confidently, and I'll jump inside and put the things down, and then I'm like, "Ah." [laughter] And then instead of getting out, I sit there. I always just sit there, because I always think somebody's watching me. So I just sit there and I act like I planned it all, like... "Where is my driver?" [laughter] "Where is my– He should have been here by now. Where is my– Oh, well, I guess I'll drive myself." [laughter] I don't know why I do that. I'm not comfortable. But you have to drive in Los Angeles. So I had a little rental car and I'm driving on the freeway and this police car pulls up behind me. And he drives behind me for a little bit and then he flashes his lights. And I was like, "Oh, he probably wants to go past." And so I moved over to the middle lane and then he came with me and he flashed his lights again. And I was like, "Oh, come on, just go past me, man. Just go past me, man." And I went back to the fast lane, he came back with me. And he hit– flash the lights, and this time it was like, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop. And I was like, "Yeah, go past. You keep coming with me. Go past." 'Cause I didn't think he was stopping me. I thought it was basically the vehicular equivalent of that moment on the sidewalk when you both don't know which way to go. I thought we were doing that with our cars, like, "Oh, oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, all right. Ahh." I thought that was happening. I thought that was happening. And clearly he thought that I was evading him in the most polite manner ever, because he gets irritated, and he's like, "Pull over to the side of the road, sir." Whoop, whoop. "Pull over to the side of the road now." Now, I couldn't hear what the hell he was saying. I'm not gonna– Which I think is part of the problem. I don't think it's fair that police have speakers on their cars and we don't. I think this is a recipe for disaster. That's the first step in mending relationships is communication, people. I don't know what the hell that guy was saying, but I couldn't tell him. He was like, "Pull over to the side of the road [indistinct mumbling]." If I had a speaker, I would have had the ability to be like, "Sir, I cannot hear what you're saying. "Enunciate your words, please. Enunciate your words. Speak clearly." "I said, pull over [mumbles]." Whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop. "No, no, use your words, buddy, use your words. Talk to me. Talk to me. What do you need?" "Pull over, pull over." I'd be like, "Okay, I will be pulling over right now. Thank you very much." Like, it would be more effective, but I didn't know. So I'm– and he's like, "Pull over [mumbles]." I'm like, "I don't know what the hell you want." "Pull over to the side of the road [mumbles]." I'm like, "What are you talking about?" He's like, "Pull over! Pull over!" And I panicked, and so I stopped. I pulled over. Right there where I was on the freeway, which apparently you're not supposed to do. I didn't know this, 'cause I just know that police tell me to do something, I do it. So he said, "Pull over," and then I stopped. and then he was like, "Don't pull over there." Then I was like, "Well, you should have been more specific. You can't tell me to pull over and then tell me not pull over. You should've said pull over at a time that is more appropriate. You can't just tell– Now I'm panicking. He's like, "Get back onto the road." I'm like, "This guy does not know what he wants. I'm– " Now, I'm back on the road. He's like, "Take the next exit." And now, we're driving and now he's guiding me along. It's like I had a really angry GPS. It was the weirdest thing ever. And, so he's driving me like, Make a right at the light. Make a right." It's like I chose angry cop on my Waze. That's what it felt like. He was like, "Turn left. No, I said left. Turn left." No, recalculating. When it is safe, Mickey." [laughter] And so finally– finally we stopped. We stop, I pull over on the side of the road. He pulls over behind me and he gets out of the car, and I'm shitting myself. As he gets out, he goes, "Keep your hands where I can see them!" I'm like, "I don't know what you can see or not see. "I don't know. "These are very vague instructions. I don't know what you can't"– So now, I'm doing this. 'Cause I don't know what you can see or not. I was– Like, don't get me wrong.

I just– You know what the thing is. I just don't want to die. That's all, I don't– I just don't want to die. And I know I don't look like– but I'm not the dying type. I really– I'm not. Like, I'm a chill-out guy who likes living. I don't want to die, and the worst thing is I don't know how not to die. That's the thing. I don't know how not to die. 'Cause every day, I turn on the TV it seems like another black person is being shot. So I just want to know how not to get shot, you know? I try and learn, I really do. I try and learn, you know? It all started in the lower– in the lower echelons of enforcement, community watch, George Zimmerman, shot Trayvon, the young boy. And the story started off with "Man shoots boy." Everyone was like, "Yeah, this is horrible. This is disgusting." But then the news, for some strange reason, the next day they just forget and then they start asking other questions. "Well, why was he wearing a hoodie? What was he doing, and why was he wearing a hoodie?" I was like, "Oh, is that–so that's–so don't wear a hoodie." That's what it is, the hoodie. It's very frightening. You don't know what's going on under there. Yeah, we've all seen Star Wars. It's the creepiest thing ever. Yeah, yeah. It's the dark side. And so I was like, oh, if I don't wear a hoodie then I'm safe. No one's gonna shoot me if I don't wear a hoodie. you cut forward, and then the next thing you know it's Mike Brown in Ferguson, and he gets shot by the police. Unarmed, gets shot. You know, like a man was unarmed and he got shot, and I was like, "Oh, this is disgusting." And they said, "But also, he approached the police officer "apparently, and he may or may not have scuffled with him. We don't know, but he approached him." And I was like, okay, okay, don't wear a hoodie and don't approach the police. Don't go towards the police. You see police, you go the other way. You got the other way from– Okay, cool. I got it. So no hoodies, no approaching the police. This is it, I'm learning. I'm learning. This is– But then– but then the next guy comes on the news, Eric Garner in New York City. And there he is, he's standing and the police, they apprehend him and they start choking him. He doesn't go towards them. He doesn't– He's standing there with his arms up, and he gets choked to death by six policemen. And then they come on the news and they say– and they go, "Well, you gotta understand, for these police, I mean, "this was a– this was a pretty big guy. "He was a pretty big guy. He was scary. He was a really scary, big black guy." And I'm like, "Okay, cool. So don't be a big black guy and then you should be fine. Don't be a big black guy and then I should"– And every day I look in the mirror and I'm like, "Good job." And I'm like, "Okay, fine, fine." Okay, so don't wear a hoodie. Don't wear your hoodie and don't approach the policemen and don't be a big black man. I think– I think I've got it all down. I think– And then I turn on the TV and then I see Walter Scott. A 50-something-year-old man running away from a policeman getting shot in the back. Running away from the policeman. And again, the media, for some strange reason, just seems to forget what the main purpose of– of the discussion is. 'Cause on day one they go, "Unarmed man shot in the back." Day two they're like, "Who was Walter Scott? "Let's find out about it. Apparently he had a charge of assault against him in 1987." So he gets shot for it? How hard did he punch the guy that he gets shot for it in 2015? What, did he punch the guy into the future and then he came back to get him? Is that what happened? I mean, it was the '80s. Everyone punched somebody in the '80s. I don't understand why this is a big deal. They were saying the craziest things. They were like, "Walter Scott, I mean, this is– "Everybody's talking about the police officer. Let's talk about him. Why did he run? Why did he run?" 'Cause he didn't want to go to jail. Are we really gonna live in a world where police no longer want to chase criminals? Is that what we're saying? Is that what we're saying? Police no longer want to chase criminals. That's the whole point of the game, isn't it? We played it as kids, cops and robbers, yeah? You've seen the movies. That's what makes it fun. "Freeze!" "You can't catch me, copper." And then you run. That's what makes it fun. Now, police no longer want to chase criminals. We're gonna live in a world where police– Can you imagine what that's gonna do to the movie industry? It's gonna be horrible. We're gonna be watching "Bad Boys Five," Martin Lawrence and Will Smith, "Freeze!" "Okay." End of movie. Done. It would be the worst movie ever. This is the strangest thing. They ask all the weird questions, questions that have nothing to do with a man being shot who is unarmed. They come on and they go, "Also– also noted is that Walter Scott owed $16,000 in child support." To the cop? [laughter] No, no, I mean, like– [cheers and applause] To the– 'Cause– 'cause that would be a different story. That would be like if that was the mother of his children that shot him, then you know what? I may– I may actually be on her side. You never know, yeah. I might have been there like, "You know what, sister, "you shoot him in the back, girl. "That's right, you shoot him "thinking he ain't gonna pay after he play. "You shoot him in the back thinking he gonna run away "from his responsibilities. Shoot him dead." But this has nothing to do with it. A policeman shoots an unarmed man. He's running away, and they have the nerve– They have the nerve, the crazy nerve to say, "This officer feared for his life. He was afraid." Afraid of what? The man's running away. There's nothing less frightening than somebody running away from you. That is the definition of fear. He's running away. The only thing he could have done to be less threatening is to cluck like a chicken as he– [clucking]. There's nothing less frightening than a man running away from you. Like, what are you afraid of? You can't say he was running– "I was afraid." Afraid of what? He's running away from you. That makes no sense. You're seeing him from behind. No one's threatening from behind. They're running away. There's no one who's– Like, maybe Kim Kardashian, but nobody else is– He's running away from you. You shoot him in the back. Like, yeah, "I was afraid." Afraid of what? What, do you have abandonment issues? Why would you shoot a man– "My dad left when I was five." Makes no sense.

So I don't know how not to die. And here I am in my car on the side of the road in a random street in Los Angeles, and the whole time it was like, "I don't want to die. I don't want to die. I don't want to die." And the policeman gets out of his car and he starts walking towards me and his hand is by his side. And it's doing this. And I've watched westerns. [laughter] I know what this means. This is never good. This never turns into friendship. [laughter] So now, I'm starting to stress and I'm looking at him in the side mirror of my car and I'm panicking, because objects in the mirror are closer than they appear. So he's gonna get there at any moment. And I don't know why, I don't know why I did this. Like as soon as he– I panicked. I completely panicked, and I launched myself out the window. I took my body and I threw it out the window, and I fell under the side of the car just like... [imitated explosion] and onto the side of the car. I basically went back to nature. I thought of a predator. You don't make eye contact and you play dead. That's all I did, I just played dead on the side of the car. Which freaked him out. He was completely– He was just like, "What? Hey, hey! Hey, what's going on?" I said, "I'm sorry, officer. I'm sorry." He's like, "Sir, what are you sorry for?" I said, "Whatever it is that's gonna make you shoot me, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, officer." He said, "Sir, get back in the car. Get back in the car." I said, "No! I don't wanna die. "Please, I'm not falling for that trick. Please, officer, I'm sorry." He's like, "Sir, I'm not– I'm not gonna kill you. Just get back in the car." And I mean, this guy was just as freaked out as I was. I'm not gonna lie. 'Cause I mean, when I put myself in his shoes, what does he do? Imagine that, you're standing on the side of the road, a guy jumps out of his own car. What doe he– He can't even call for backup. What does he say? "10-4, I need backup." "What do you need?" "I got a black guy, killed himself?" "10-4, you gotta make something up better than that. We'll back you up, don't worry." Like, you can't– Like, what do you say? It's just like a weird– The guy's freaking out. I'm freaking out, and I'm lying there. And this guy, he– he approaches slowly. He approaches, he finally gets to me and lifts my arms, and he's like, "Get back in the car, sir, get back. Get back in." And he stuffs– he stuffs me back into my window. "Get back there." I'm like, "No, no, I'm not– Please, I don't want to die." He's like, "Sir, sir, calm down. Calm down." I go, "Okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry." He's like, "Sir, have you been drinking?" I said, "No, sir, I haven't been drinking." He said, "Okay, calm down. Do you know why I pulled you over, sir?" I said, "Is it because I'm black?" And now, I wasn't being an ass, nor was I joking. I'd just been informed that as a black person in America, if you drive a really nice car, there's a good chance you're gonna get pulled over by the police. Yeah, so in my world, he was doing his job as I had been told. Yeah, I wasn't judging him. In fact, I was– I was a little flattered. I was like, "Well, thank you very much, Mr. Officer, "for noticing this bad boy right here. That's right, 2015, baby." I was really excited. He was more freaked out, though, 'cause I– 'cause I said to him, I said, "Is it because I'm black?" And then he did this thing that I've come to learn is the reaction of white people in America who, when they hear information they can't process fast enough, have this– this thing where they smile on the outside, but on the inside, it's almost as if they're short-circuiting. [laughter] Like, he looks at me and he goes, "I'm– I'm sorry, what?" I said, "Because I'm black, that's why you pulled me over." And he goes, "Uh, no. Hey, no, no. Hey, we– No, that– that is not– that– No. No. Hey, um, who– I don't– I don't– No. No, that is not why–" [stutters] [imitates explosion] I felt so bad for him. Yeah, I think we both learned a lot that day. The two of us grew from that experience. Yeah. I was speeding, that's why he pulled me over. [laughter] Yeah. But he let me go. Fear.

I'm having a great time, I really am. I'm not getting speeding fines, enjoying my time out here. Some of you may or may not know, I got a job. This is fantastic for me. [cheers and applause] Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much, yeah. [cheers and applause] That's– and that's– That's how my grandmother put it, funny enough. I phoned my grandmother to tell her that I'd be working on "The Daily Show," and she was really excited. She was like, "Whoo, Trevor! "I'm so happy for you! Well done. You got a job." I said, "No, no, Granny, I already had a job." And she's like, "No, you didn't. Did you have an office?" I said, "No." She's like, "Then it wasn't a job." That's all she cares about. My mom was a bit better. I called her to tell her the news, and to give you a bit of a backstory, I've got two younger brothers. Right, so one brother is nine years younger than me, and then the youngest is 20 years younger than me, right. And so the youngest just became one of the student council members in his school, right. So he got onto the student council. So I phoned my mom to tell her my good news. I'm on the phone with her and I'm like, "Oh, Mom, I don't know if you heard, I'm gonna be on 'The Daily Show.'" And she's like, "Oh, my baby, I'm so excited. "Oh, praise Jesus, this is wonderful. "Well done, baby. I'm so happy for you. And did you hear what happened to your brother?" I'm like, "No, what happened?" "Oh, he's on the student council at his school. "Oh, I'm so excited. "Both my boys are doing big things in the world. I'm so happy. Oh!" [cheers and applause] And I was like, "Yeah, some things are bigger than others." [laughter] She's like, "No, it's all the same." I was like, "You say that, but I mean, you know. Come on, you know." [laughs] She's like, "Okay, fine, fine. You were never student council. So let's cheer for him." I'm like, "What?"

It was a wonderful experience. Changed my life completely. Come into the U.S., feel like people are smiling at me more. Might just be my imagination. 'Cause I noticed at the airports when I've been flying in, probably a combination of– of my job and the fact that the Ebola crisis is now past. That was probably the worst– the worst time ever is flying into America as an African during the Ebola crisis. It was the craziest thing I've ever seen in an airport. You'd walk in, there'd be tension. They'd usher everybody into a special quarantine area. Ask you questions, questions that they don't normally ask. The number one question they always asked was, "Sir, have you been in contact with Ebola?" They'd always ask, "Sir, have you been in contact with Ebola?" I love– I love the sincerity of the question. Like there was a chance my answer could be, "Yes. And next stop, Disney World." [laughter] [laughs] Like, what kind of person do you think I am that I'd still be embarking on a journey having knowingly been in contact with the most deadly disease on the planet? Like, who do you think I am that I'd be there like, "[coughs] "I don't care! "Booking.com has a zero refund policy. "I'm going to Disney World even if it kills me, "Mickey Mouse, and everybody else. I'm going!" "Have you been in contact with Ebola?" And they always say that like Ebola was like a distant relative. I love the phrasing. "Have you been in contact with Ebola?" "Yeah, I spoke to him last week. He's doing well, eh. Thank you very much for asking."
Ebola made flying a nightmare. One of the worst flights, I was coming from Johannesburg, South Africa, going to San Francisco. Flew and then because the distance of the flight, you have to stop over in Washington, and they change over your flight, so you go on to another plane, and then that plane takes you to San Francisco. And when we were changing planes, when we were switching over, the air hostess on the second plane tells the passengers that Africans are coming on board. Right, and so because of this, they're gonna be spraying the cabin with a light pesticide. Right. No, I understand. Like, when people are afraid, they do stupid things. I get it. But what I didn't understand was why she told them this as we were boarding the plane. [laughter] Have the decency to speak behind our backs. 'Cause we're walking onto the aircraft and she takes her little microphone, she goes, "Ladies and gentlemen, "please note we have some passengers joining us "from the South African flight. They're coming from Africa. "If everybody could please stay in their seats "as these passengers find their place. "We're gonna be spraying the cabin with a light pesticide "due to the Ebola crisis. "And feel free to cover your nose, eyes, ears, and mouth. "The pesticide shouldn't be harmful, but it may be. "So if everybody would just cover up, and we'll be "coming down shortly as everybody takes their place. Thank you very much." She says this as we board the plane. This is our introduction, "Ebola crisis." And we're there like, "Hello, hello, hello, hello. Hello, hello, hi." Do you know how hard it is to find a seat in a plane with people that think you're bringing them death? Do you know how hard it– Like, you're sitting there and everyone, you go– It almost felt like that scene from Forrest Gump. Like, as I'm walking down the plane, people were like, "Mnh-mnh. You can't sit here, no space." You're just walking down trying to find your Jenny. [laughter] Finally, everyone's seated. We take off, plane heads out to San Francisco. And it was by far the most tense flight I have ever been on. I coughed once. [laughter] The plane shook. It wasn't even a bad cough. It was just like a little tickle. I was just like, [coughs] The guy opposite me was like, "Ebola! Ebola!" I was like, "Yo, dude, calm down, man. "Calm down. It's just AIDS. You're safe, buddy. "Calm down. It's okay." Everyone was so stressed. The plane was tense. No one wanted food nor snacks. We finally land at the airport. The plane is taxiing to the gate, and everyone, everyone was waiting for that seat belt sign to go off. Everyone was just– Like, it was more than normal, 'cause already– I never understand why people are in a hurry on a plane to get out of their seat, like, 'cause you can't go anywhere. Whenever a plane lands, everyone's just in a– "Come on. Come on. Come on." You can't go– You're gonna go there. That's where you– You literally go there. "Come on, come on." Boop! Yeah. You can't– I don't understand why people are in a hurry to go. You know who's even worse? The people at the window. You have no right to be in a hurry. You're sitting there like, "Come on, come on. Come on!" Boop! Yeah. Oh, that's good. Yeah. Yeah, pass me my luggage, pass it to me now. Right now. Yeah. I'm glad I didn't sit down for two more minutes. This is much more comfortable. Just stay in your seat. Just wait. Ebola made it worse, a hundred times worse, you know, 'cause now everyone wants to get out of the plane. Coughing, sneezing, you can feel the tension. And as we're about to leave, the air hostess comes back on the P.A., and she goes, "Ladies and gentlemen, back in your seats, please. "Everybody back in your seats. Unfortunately, right now, "we have a health and safety official "that needs to come on board just to make sure "that everything is A-OK, due to Ebola. "We're just gonna make sure that everything is fine. "So please stay in your seats, ladies and gentlemen. Again, apologies for the delay." She says this and then this man comes on, the health and safety official, right. And he has with him a list of all the African passengers and a thermometer, right, a digital laser thermometer. And he comes on and his job is to scan all the African passengers and get their temperature. And I think the way it works is, like, if you're very hot, then you've got Ebola, right. So he's got the list and he walks around, scans the passengers and gets the thing, walks down, takes their names off the list, gets the temperature, gets the names, temperature, names. Finally gets to where I'm seated and does the weirdest thing. He scans the passenger opposite me, moves to my aisle, looks at me, looks at my name, looks back at me. And then he just shrugs and walks away. [laughter] Nah. [laughter] Almost as if I wasn't African enough. [laughter] I've never felt so conflicted in my life. You know, because don't get me wrong, right. I never want anyone to think I have Ebola. [laughter] But I also don't want anyone to assume that I can't have Ebola. [laughter] You don't know me. You don't know what I'm capable of. I could have all the Ebola in the world. – I'm there trying to cheer myself up. Like, "Chin up, Trevor. You could have Ebola. "Chin up, kid, come on, come on. Come on, you could have Ebola." And he walks to the back of the plane, scans the rest of the passengers, gets to the tail, and he realizes he's now missing a name. So he looks back through the plane, can't figure out what's going on. I know it's me. I know it's me, but I'm not gonna help him. No. He had his chance. He had a good Ebola man and he let him go. And so I watch him panic, and as he panics, the air hostess comes back down the plane. She goes, "Hey, what's going on? I need to get the people out." He goes, "Yeah, I know. I got a problem with the Ebola list. I can't figure out where the– where the passenger is." And she's like, "Yeah, I gotta get the people out." He's like, "Look, I know. This is killing me as well, but I just gotta figure out." She's like, "Yeah, yeah, "if I don't get them out, I'm dead. I'm dead. I gotta get the people going." He's like, "Yeah, I know. Just calm down. Just give me a second," and now– now you can feel the tension building on the plane. People start whispering, there's murmurs going around, 'cause some people are hearing pieces of the conversations. Like broken telephone as it goes down the plane, all they're hearing is, "Yeah, yeah, Ebola. Ebola. Killing the people. Dead, dead, everybody out of here. Dead." You can feel the tension. People start looking at each other. The guy opposite me didn't even hide it. He was like, "It's you. It's you! Ebola, it's you!" I was like, "Dude, I do not have Ebola. Stop saying that. Stop saying that." He's like, "It's you, damn it. It's you with your coughing." I was like, "If you don't shut up, I'll cough on you. I'll cough on you now." He was like, "What?" I was like, "I'll cough... [coughs]" He was like, "What, I'll kill you." I was like, "I'll kill you first. [coughs]" Aah! Everyone on the plane starts losing it. The people are going crazy. Everyone is stressed. People want to leave, and in the middle of the chaos, in the midst of all of this, I'll never forget. A Middle Eastern man maybe four rows behind me dressed in very traditional garb, he stands up and he sticks his head into the conversation being had between the air hostess and the safety official, and he goes, "Excuse me. Pardon me. Sorry to interrupt. "I couldn't help noticing what you are talking. "I just want to say maybe you want to check. "I noticed that gentleman over there was coughing little bit, "and then he never liked anything [indistinct]. "Yeah, I thought he was wearing a hood. "Something about him, I don't know. "Something just made me a little bit uncomfortable. "I thought maybe you want to check. There, I said. "You know– you know what they say, see something, "say something, yeah. Just maybe you check there." [laughter] I'm like, "Really? Et tu Ahmed." [laughter] [cheers and applause] How the wheel has turned, my friend. You quickly forget there was a time when Muslims were the black people of the sky. [laughter] And yet, now you have deserted me. 'Cause I thought he'd be on my side. I thought if anyone understood what it would be like to be stigmatized, it would be that man. You know, I thought we shared something. I thought he'd look over and be like, "Don't worry, brother. I got your back." Instead, he sold me down the river, threw me under the bus, like, "Hey, it's your turn now. I'm free, bitches." [laughter] And he was. I don't blame him. He was.

'Cause Ebola was one of the craziest things I've ever seen in terms of the human condition, how quickly we're taught to panic. You know, one minute I'll be flying and I'll see people of Middle Eastern descent getting pulled, you know, random selections beeping through the machine. And then Ebola happened, and all of a sudden the focus shift– The focus shifted, and now it was Africans being pulled aside, Africans waiting. Middle Easterners were cruising through security. And then almost as quickly as it started, it flipped back overnight. And I'll never forget when it happened. Right after the "Charlie Hebdo" attack in Paris. That attack happened, and almost the next day Ebola wasn't a thing anymore. Middle Easterners were back in the spotlight. Normal service had been resumed. 'Cause after "Charlie Hebdo," I would walk through airports and no one gave a damn. They didn't care about me, where I was from, nor the bananas in my bag. [laughter] [applause] I just– I just cruised through security. "Charlie Hebdo." "Terrorist attack in France." Everyone led with it. CNN, "Breaking news. Terrorists have attacked 'Charlie Hebdo' headquarters." BBC, "And in breaking news, unconfirmed report says–saying 12 people have been killed by terrorists who've attacked"– Everyone said they were terrorists. It was weird to me 'cause we didn't know that they were terrorists. We just knew that they were Middle Eastern. But immediately we went to terrorist, because if you're Middle Eastern that's a terrorist. That's the world we live in now. Yeah, if you're Middle Eastern, terrorism is your trademark. It's so crazy how easy it is to get people to hate a group of people, 'cause that's what happened. "Charlie Hebdo," and then everyone started saying things about Muslims. "These damn Muslims. These damn– We gotta stop Islam. "That's what we gotta do. We gotta stop these Islamists. "These Muslims. "Now, I'm not saying all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims." It sounds really smart, doesn't it? Sounds really smart, but it's not. It's stupid and it's hate speech. That's what it is. It really is. [cheers and applause]
Terrorism is not a race, it's an act. It evolved over time. Yes, right now we're dealing with extremism, Islamic terror in some parts of the world. But if you go to other parts of the world and ask them what a terrorist is, they'll show you a different face. You go to England 20 years ago and you said, "What's a terrorist?" They'd show you a drunk Irishman, right. I didn't need to say drunk. I could have just said Irishman. [laughter and applause] There was a time when– when Nelson Mandela was labeled a terrorist. Like, terrorism is an act, it's not a face. People say these things, "Well, these Muslims, "you gotta admit, there's an awful lot of them. Awful lot of them doing the same thing." I'm like, "Yeah, but you know who's not terrorists? Most Muslims." Yeah, most Muslims are not terrorists. I'm not even Muslim, but it gets to me, because I'm like most Muslim people are not terrorists. You know how you know this? Because we're still alive, yeah. They've had ample opportunity to take us out, people. There's a billion Muslim people on the planet. They've had every chance. They could have killed us using those falafels they sell us after midnight when we come out of the club. They could have wiped us all out with their killer kebabs. They've had the means.

It's so weird to see our prejudices, you know, the way people are labeled in the media, in society. It's not just Muslim people. You see it with black people as well, you know. People saying these things like, you know, I remember when the– when the riots were happening in Baltimore. People quickly jumped, "These thugs. "These are a bunch of thugs running around. These thugs. "You know, I'm starting to think that black people like crime. "That's what I'm starting to think. "Is that the only way they can deal with it? Black people like crime." No, no, black people don't like crime, because you know who's not a criminal? Most black people. Yeah, most black people are not criminals. [cheers and applause] Black people hate crime just like everybody else. It's not like black people are cheering crime on. It's not like they're watching a black guy do some shit. Like, "Yeah, Darnell, you steal that shit, man. You steal that shit. Yeah!" No. When black people see a black person doing a crime, they're also looking at the person like, "That nigger crazy!" You gotta fight the act, not the face, not a face that you put the– It's not the– It's not the same thing, and everybody has it, you know. If you're Middle Eastern and you do something, if you're a black person– black person gets shot in a bad neighborhood, the first story they always lead with– Always lead with the same thing.
"And today in Compton, a man was shot in what is suspected to be gang-related violence." It's always gang-related violence. It never says anything else. They were just two guys. Gang-related, probably gang-related. "Why do you say that?" "Well, because, you know, in this area there's... hip-hop." Why is it gang-related? It's always gang– It doesn't matter who it is. Could be two kids, someone got shot, "A three-year-old was shot today by a four-year-old in what is suspected to be gang-related violence." "But they're kids." "Yeah, they recruit very young." "It wasn't a mistake?" "No, it's not a mistake. It's never a mistake."
But if it's in a rich neighborhood, the story changes, 'cause you'll never hear them reporting the same thing about the Hamptons. "And today in the Hamptons, a man was shot "in what is suspected to be gang-related violence. "The Burberry gang have been known to operate around these parts and recently"– They never say those things. In fact, you're more likely to see the police commissioner going, "A lot– We've just conducted an investigation. "We found out that a firearm was discharged earlier today "and the bullet left the– the weapon... "penetrating a victim, and we're gonna investigate whether– whether it was misfired or" – "I'm sorry, did you say– Did someone shoot the gun?" "Well, we're not– we're not ruling anything out right now, "but– but we're checking to see if there was a mechanism failure or" – "What about the person?" "Well, we– we don't think that this was intentional. We don't" – "So wait, we live in a world "where you investigate a gun before you investigate a rich white man, is that what you're saying?" "No, no, no. No, that– That's not what we're saying. "But I mean, you must remember, the gun is black, "but that's not the point. The point is"– [cheers and applause] It's so weird how our prejudices have given everyone their lane. Middle Easterner does something, they're a terrorist. Black person does something, they're gang-related, they're a thug. But if a white guy walks into a church killing nine people dead, what do they lead with on the news? "And today in an isolated incident "a lone gunman walked into a church, opening fire and killing nine people." It's always a lone gunman, yeah. "A lone gunman with no ties to society whatsoever." They always separate him as quickly as possible. I love how they do that. "He kept to himself and was notoriously unfriendly. He had no friends whatsoever." No, no friends, really? No, no friends? Not even one? Not even one? [cheers and applause] No friends? I– Not even on Facebook? No, everyone has friends on Facebook, come on. You're telling me the guy had no friends. It's almost like as the shooting happens, everyone's like, "What? Dillon? Unfriend, unfriend, unfriend, unfriend, unfriend, unfriend, unfriend, unfriend, unfriend." It's the weirdest thing ever.
And the first thing they always go to is mental instability. That's what they go to, the first thing. They never go with terrorism. "What happened? Are we– are we saying this was terrorism?" "Whoa, wait. We're not gonna jump to that conclusion. "This was a young man who was really mentally– He was unstable. He was a troubled young man." But he was a terrorist 'cause he committed a terrorist act. He walked into a building, shot a bunch of people to try to spread a message of hatred, right. He was trying to pass something. He was trying to do something. That's an act of terror. "Now, well– well, look. No, not necessarily. He was a troubled young man." "Yes, and a terrorist." "Yeah, but he was mentally unstable." "Just like terrorists." That's exactly what a terrorist is. There's no normal reason to blow yourself up. That is ridiculous as shit. You're crazy. [cheers and applause] You're crazy, but you're still a terrorist. It's weird. It's almost like without realizing it, what they're saying on the news is, "You know, this young white man "is clearly struggling with something. "I mean, because why would you forgo all that privilege? Why would you"– [laughter] "I mean, he was a young white man. "Why would you throw that all away by– I mean, if he was a minority, I get it, 'cause that shit sucks. But I mean, why would you throw it– He must be crazy." [laughter]
This is madness. I refuse to be part of this. I refuse to live in a world who will deny white people, the moniker of terrorist. That's racism, people, that's what that is. If a white man, through hard work and determination, commits an act of terror, he deserves to be called a terrorist. He worked for it, damn it. You don't deprive him of that because of the color of his skin. You give it to him and you put him up there. Bin Waleed and Charlie. It's terrorism.

We all– we all have our prejudices, don't get me wrong. It's not like I– You know, I try to be better. I really do. I realize every now and again I do things that I'm not particularly proud of, you know. Like, for instance, whenever I fly into America, if I've been out of the country and flying back into America, I always try to fly on Middle Eastern airlines specifically. So I'll fly on Emirates or Qatar or Etihad or one of those. And the reason I do this is because I feel there's less chance... [laughter] That somebody– [laughter] [applause] That some– And this may sound a little bit racist, You have every right to be offended, you really– But I feel like there's less chance that somebody will attack one of those planes, for– for a few reasons. Number one, because they're not proving a point. The plane's already Muslim owned, Muslim run. They're not converting anybody. And secondly, and more importantly on my side, I think there's a small chance somebody could defuse the situation. Someone could talk them down just because they speak the same language, yeah. That's– that's half of terror for me is the fact that you don't understand what the person says. The guy's speaking Arabic. Arabic, it puts fear in the hearts of all men. [imitating Arabic] You never think good things when you hear Arabic. Yeah, we watch– we watch too many movies and TV shows. Like, you– whenever you hear Arabic, then some bad shit happens immediately. That's always what happens. [imitating Arabic] [imitates explosion] It's never something cool or sexy. It's never like, [imitating Arabic] [whooshes] It's never that. And so it makes you think, it makes you think a certain way. I know– I know I'm not any different.
I was on a flight, my first Middle Eastern flight, flying on an Emirates plane, and this man emerged from the galley. He had a long beard and he was carrying a box, and he just went off, he was like, [imitating Arabic] And I was like, "Aah!" [screaming] [scream fades] Chicken, please. Chicken. Sorry, I– I get really excited with chicken. I'm– I'm sorry for that. Sorry. "That, my friend, excited? You looked petrified." I said, "I am, of the flavor. "Chicken, wah! I love chicken. I love chicken so much." He's like, "Oh, is that the– is that the black thing?" I said, "That's racist." [laughter]
It's just– it's just a little thing that makes me think there's a chance that if someone understands the language they may be able to talk the guy down. You– there could be. There could be a terrorist on the plane. Guy with a suicide vest. We'll be flying 40,000 feet in the sky. Man jumps off, losing his head. There he is, [imitating Arabic] And just maybe, maybe some guy will be opposite him like, "Hey! What are you doing?" "I'm going to blow up this plane to show everybody that Allah is great!" "Yeah, but... we know this." [laughter] "Everybody here knows this. So what are you doing?" "I wanted to show all of you the power of–" "What are you showing us if we already know, huh? "What are you showing us? Are you saying "we are not good Muslims, is that what you are saying, huh? "Are you saying we do not know the power of Allah? "Is that what you are saying? You are saying we are bad Muslims. What are you saying?" "No, my friend, please, I was not trying to offend you. "I was just trying to kill you. Listen to what I wanted to show you." "What are you showing me, huh? "Are you saying I do not pray, is that what you are saying? "You're a better Muslim than me? "You think I'm not good Muslim just because "I'm watching Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, is that what you think, huh? What are you saying?" "No, I'm not saying that. I wanted to–" "What are you show– You show nothing. You make us look bad. "Why don't you preach? Why don't you talk to people, huh? "This is not Islam. What are you doing with your stupid dress? Blah blah blah, blah blah blah. You make us all look bad." "No, no, I was not– " "No, you're not trying nothing. "No, you even got your vest backward. You don't even know what you are doing here." "Sorry, it's my first time. I never done this before." "Yeah, yes, story, story. Sit down, shut up, eat something." "I don't know if I can– " "No, it's all challah. "You can eat it. Don't worry, you can eat it. "You can eat it. [indistinct] Stupid." There's a small chance that could happen. And that's why I do it. [cheers and applause] I'll do anything that makes my flying experience a little bit more comfortable.

Ah, you guys are fun, man. You really are. Thank you very much for coming out. Thank you. I appreciate it. [cheers and applause] I really appreciate it. It means the world to me. And I mean that, literally, it means the world to me. Stand-up comedy changed my life forever. I don't think I would have ever had the opportunity to travel. Grew up in Soweto in South Africa. [cheers and applause] Oh, thank you. Thank you. I didn't choose it, but thank you. [laughter] I don't say it in like a– like a sob story way, you know. 'Cause everyone was poor in Soweto, which was cool, you know. Like, when everyone's poor together, it's cool. It's fine, yeah. 'Cause you don't feel it as much. It's not like anyone can tease you and be like, "Ha ha, you are poor." "Yeah, so are you." "Ah, this sucks." But I would– I probably never would have traveled the world were it not for stand-up comedy, you know. I'm the first person in my family to ever board an airplane. First person in my family to ever get kicked off an airplane. I would have never– I would have never learned about America. I would have never come out to places like Washington, D.C. I would have never learned to travel on the other side of the road. I would have never learned about charming racism had I not come to this beautiful country, yeah. Probably something that changed my life forever, charming racism. Classic American charming racism. [laughter] I never knew there was such a thing, growing up. And I thought I knew all about racism. I was, you know, coming from the home of some of the best racism in the world. No, and I don't mean to brag, but South Africa is, by far– Like– like we've got– we've got top quality racism out there. Like, it's handcrafted. You don't get racism like that anymore. Like, I've seen racism all over the world. To be honest, the standards have dropped. It's not what it used to be. Like, I'm– I'm talking about quality racism, you know. Now, it's cheap and mass-produced, probably made in China now. I'm talking about real racism. And America showed me, showed me a wonderful, new type. You know, I've always considered myself a racism connoisseur. I appreciate the finer racisms in life. Not all racisms, don't get me wrong. I have my favorites. I have my not-so-favorites. You know, like, blatant racism, I love. I love blatant racism. You know exactly where you stand with the person. It's often old people that exhibit blatant racism. Yeah, they tell you exactly how they feel. "This is what I think about you." And you're like, "Yeah, and you're gonna die soon." I love this. We shared. There's racisms I don't particularly care for, like subtle racism I don't like. Really don't like subtle– You know where people don't tell you they're racists. They just leave a series of clues, hope you'll figure it out for yourself. I hate that, who'll say things like, "We don't need your people around here." "Who?" "Your people." "Tall people?" "No, damn it, your people." "Friendly people?" "No, I'm talking about your– " "Well, I'm not gonna help you. Say it. "If you believe it so much, say it. "Have the balls, stand behind your convictions. Say it. "Don't leave a series of clues, and now I'm working this out. "What is this, racism sudoku? Are you serious? Just– just say it. Be proud." But don't justify it. Rather embrace it, be blatant. Or be American and be charming.

I discovered charming racism in a place called Lexington, Kentucky. [laughter] I don't know if you've ever been, but you really need to go. It's a beautiful place. Old-school charming racism with a smile and the tip of a hat. Everyone in Lexington had this vibe, this smile, the charm, the drawl– Oh, the Southern drawl, I love it so much, the way they would speak out there. The grammar's horrible, but it's still beautiful. Well, 'cause the sentences don't really make sense. They'd be like, "Y'all ain't never done gone see none of them out"– and it's like, that's– that's– That's not English. Your autocorrect is broken. I don't know what that is, but it's– but it's beautiful. You know, in fact, when they speak really fast, sometimes it sounds like somebody's playing a banjo inside their mouths, that's– That's what it sounds like to me. I asked two men for directions, and this– They started arguing. It was the most beautiful sound I've ever heard in my life. The guy was like, "Where you goin', boy?" I said, "I'm going to the– to the theater. Can you direct me?" He said, "Y'all get on the [indecipherable accent] road. [indecipherable accent] that way." The friend was like, "No, [indecipherable accent]." "[indecipherable accent]." "[indecipherable accent]." It was almost– [laughter] [cheers and applause] It sounded like someone started a Mumford & Sons concert in their mouth, 'cause one minute they were talking and then they got into it and the guy was like, "[indecipherable accent]." "[indecipherable accent]." "♪ [indecipherable]" "♪ [indecipherable]" "♪ [indecipherable]" [continues singsong indecipherable speech] ♪ [indecipherable] that way [cheers and applause] Nigger. [laughter] [sighs] The reason I'll never forget Lexington, though, is because I met a woman out there. A gorgeous, gorgeous woman. I'll never forget her till the day I die. She walks into the lobby of the theater where I was standing with some friends, and she was absolutely stunning. A classic Southern belle. She had long, big blond hair, giant boobs. [laughter] She strutted her stuff into the lobby, pushing people out of the way. She made her way straight for me, straight for me. Came to me, pointed me in the face, and she was like, "Excuse me, baby. Excuse me, honey. May I chat to you for a moment, please?" I said, "Yes, of course. Hi, hi. How are you? How are you, ma'am?" She said, "Honey, I just want to let you know "that you are by far the funniest and handsomest nigger I done ever seen!" [laughter] And I was like, "What?" I was so shocked. 'Cause isn't it "most handsome," not "handsomest"? [laughter] Their grammar is just crazy, man.

No, you guys have been too much fun. Thank you so much for coming out tonight. I had a great time with you. Thank you very much. [cheers and applause] [jazz music] ♪ [cheers and applause]


Good evening. I grew up in South Africa. That's where I still live, I enjoy it, grew up there during a time known as Apartheid. For those who don't know, Apartheid was a law in our country that made it illegal for black and white people to interact with one another, you know. This was against the law. And so this world was awkward for me growing up, because I grew up in a mixed family, well with me being the mixed one in the family.

My mother is a black woman, Xhosa woman, born in South Africa. That's one of the languages with the clicks, Xhosa. Xhosa! So a black woman and then my father is Swiss, but they didn't care. They were mavericks, fighting the system. My mum was arrested for being with my dad. She would get fined, she would get thrown into prison for the weekend, but still she'd come back and she was like, "Woo! I don't care! I don't care! Woo! Can't tell me who to love! I want a white man! Woo!" She's crazy my mum, just crazy. And my dad was also like, well, you know how the Swiss love chocolate. So he was in there, you know.

And so – and so they got together and they had me, which was illegal. So I was born a crime, which is something I don't think they ever thought through, because as a family we couldn't live together. You know. Like in the streets, we couldn't even be seen together. My father would have to walk on the other side of the road and he could just wave at me from far like a creepy pedophile. Well, like a pedophile. I didn't have to say creepy, like a pedophile because creepy implies there's some other sort of pedophile. There is none. There's no classy pedophile. There's no need, like "Afternoon, ladies. Afternoon. Afternoon. No, no, just browsing, just browsing." He's so classy! No, he's a pedophile. Alright...

[Trevor Noah (February 20, 19840)] Source: LYBIO.net
And, my mum could walk with me. My mum could walk with me, but if the police showed up she'd have to let go of my hand and drop me and act like I wasn't hers every single time, because we weren't supposed to exist as a family. So my mum would let go. It was like a little game we played. The police would show up like, "Woo!" She'd be like, "Oh! I don't know. I don't know. No, he's not mine. He's not mine. No, I don't know." It was horrible for me. I felt like a bag of weed. It was a tough time.

And – and the downside of being light was that just that being light I was different. People mocked me, gave me names like mixed-breed, half-caste. I hate that term half. Why half? Why not double or twice as nice? I don't know. People give you weird names, I just wanted a cool name, you know. I wanted to be black, to be honest. That's all I ever wanted. Especially since one day growing up, I met an American and he was shocked that in South Africa we had all these titles. And he said to me, "Well, you know, Trevor, if you go out to America, they'll label you as black." I said, "Really?!" He was like, "Oh, hell, yeah! Ha ha ha ha ha — yeah, buddy, everybody is black out there. Yeah! You'd be super black."

Well, that sounds good to me, super black! Yeah. And I made a choice like, "First chance I get to go out to America, I'm going to get a piece of that black." And I did boarded a flight. It was an 18-hour journey, Johannesburg to New York. I didn't sleep a wink. I just sat there in my chair like a madman watching every single black American movie I could find. Just sitting there going crazy, practicing like, "Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You know what I mean? You know what I mean? Yeah! King Kong ain't got shit on me! Yeah! Yeah! I'm – sorry? Oh the chicken, please. The chicken. Thank you. No, that's fine, thank you. Yeah! Put it in your mouth, yeah!"

18 hours of flying, 18 hours of practice. I landed in New York and I was fluent in my black American. Fo' shizzle my nizzle. I had everything. I had the walk. I had the talk – I was so black, I was even laughing like "Ha! Ha! Ha! Yeah! Ha-ha! Oh, my man! My man! Oh, that's you? That's you? Ha-ha!" That for me is the coolest thing in the world. Black Americans are so cool and confident. They'll make you feel good about yourself just by asking if you are you.

[Trevor Noah] Source: LYBIO.net
It's magic. They'll just walk up to you and go, "That's you? That's you? Nah, nah, for real, man, this you?!" And you'll be like, "Yeah, I think it is! Yeah." And I was that black. I was super black. I was loving it, until this guy walked up to me. I don't know him, he didn't even know me,	tapped me on the shoulder in the airport he's like [Spanish Language]. I said, "What? You're talking to me?" He said "Yeah, I'm talking to you, man! I'm just saying, we made it, baby. We made it baby, eh?" Now that we're here, our kind, we got to stick together, hombre." "Our kind?!" 18 hours of flying and I wasn't black. I was Mexican.

Mexican. So I started learning Spanish. If not, why not? And then I've also started learning German. I learn German to connect with my father. You know. Lost contact with him for many years because of apartheid and so now we're starting to learn each other, which is taking time, but we're doing it slowly. I think the language will help me you know, because I don't think he's proud of me. He loves me, but I haven't earned his pride. I think partly because of my job. As a comedian I don't rank that high in the world of German 'anythings'. Comes across in the small conversations, like one day we're having lunch. My dad looks at me and goes, "So, Trevor, what do you do now, eh? You got a job? Do you work?" I said, "Yeah, Dad, I'm a comedian, a stand-up comedian." He's like "Oh, yeah, yeah, so the clown, eh? Yeah." "No. Whatever."

German's holding me back. You know. I dream of impressing him with his language. I'll get to his house one day. He'll welcome me at the gate, like, "Ah, clown boy!" I'll be like, "Guten tag, vater." It's epic. It's got that feeling. So I've started learning. I learn in different ways. You know, watch German movies, play German speeches on my iPod when I sleep. Your brain remembers things you don't even know, it's beautiful. The only hiccup was it turned out I'd downloaded some of Hitler's speeches. It's not like Google warned me. Don't judge me. Google wasn't like, "Oh, not those ones!" No, it just let me download everything and so I learned some of his nuances, not his philosophies. It's just I've been told that when I speak German sometimes I sound distinctly Hitler-ish, which I found out in Germany, which is not the best place to find out that you've got Hitler vibes. I would have rather found out at home. And, actually, it's funny now, not so much then.

[Trevor Noah] Source: LYBIO.net
I was in Cologne, Germany, beautiful area, I'll never forget. I was walking around and I went into like a little sandwich shop,	like one of those Subways where you make your own sandwich and I walked in. The woman was really nice to me. She was like, "Guten tag. Kannst ich sie helfen?" I looked at her and I thought, confidence, Trevor. Confidence! I said, "Guten tag! [German Language] Und ein Pepsi Cola drinken, bitte!" And she shat herself. I'll never forget the look on her face. She went pale, she looked me straight in the eye and she said, "Der schwarze Hitler!" Which means the black Hitler. I was so happy. Yeah, because she said Hitler, but at least she said I was black. You guys have been fantastic. Thanks for having me.

-[audience cheering] -[music playing] Wow. Wow. Oh, wow. What's happening, New York? Yeah! Oh, this is amazing. Thank you for coming out. We're gonna have fun tonight. Welcome to it, people. This is us. Can I tell you for a second? This has been my dream since I started stand-up comedy, doing a special in New York City. This is it! This is it. New York, New York! [New York accent] Yeah! New York! I'm walking over here! [audience laughing] That was all I thought New York was before I came here. I just thought it was a city of people almost getting run over. Just everyone walking into the street, a taxi rolling up, slamming the hood, [New York accent] "I'm walking over here! What's wrong with you? You want some coffee?" I don't even know what that meant. All I knew was one day, I was gonna go to New York City. And I, too, was going to almost get run over by a car. I had a dream and I set out. And it's a lot harder than it seems. In the movies, they make it look simple. They make it look like you run out, the car almost hits you, you do that thing– "Hey!" Slam the hood and then move on. But it's not that easy. It's all about timing. It's all about timing. It's all about being precise. You have to get out at the exact same time that the taxi is there, so it stops, so you can hit the hood. If you don't have the guts and you come out too late, the car's gone. It's a waste of everyone's time. You just look like a mad person now. You're just like... [imitates engine revving] "Hey! I'm walking over here!" If you come out at the exact time as the car, then you just get run over. That's just pointless. You know, it's like, "Hey– " [thumping noises] "Hey, he was walking over here. What's wrong with you?" The worst one is when you come out too early. Because that's just awkward for everyone involved. Because you come out and then the car stops, but you can't reach the hood. So it's like, "Hey!" [imitates tires screeching] "Come here. No. Come closer, please. I want to tell you a secret. Come here. No, I'm from Africa. I have a dream. Please come closer. I just– I just want you– I'm walking over here." I love the city. Are you kidding me? New York! My dream was to come out here. Soon as I got here, I was like, "This is it!" There's an energy in the city that exists nowhere in the world. New York, New York! Love it, everything about it.
You know what fascinates me about New York... is how much people trust the traffic lights. I have never seen anything like it. You must remember, I come from an African country. And all over Africa, we have traffic lights. But we don't use them. All right? It's less of a command and more of a suggestion. It's not "Stop!" It's "Stop?" It's almost like an African traveled the world, saw that other people have traffic lights and then just brought them back, but didn't know what they were for. The guy was like, "Guys, guys, guys. We need to get traffic lights. Ah?" People were like, "What for?" "It's for the intersection. It adds atmosphere." No one actually knew what it was about. We don't care about the lights, and we don't trust the lights. But in New York– I've never seen it– people trust that light with their lives. I was walking in the streets one day. I was walking next to this man. I'll never forget this. We're standing there on the sidewalk, and the light changes in our favor. And I looked to the side, and there was this truck that is barreling down the road. And I'm looking at the truck. And as soon as the light changes, the guy next to me, he steps out into the road. Instinctively, I stuck my hand out to protect him. I was like, "Yo, dude, there's a truck." And he was like, "It's okay. We've got the light." I said, "Yeah, and he has a truck. In a game of rock-paper-scissors, you lose." But he was so confident. He was like, "We've got the light. Let's go." And he walked out. He didn't just walk out. He stared that truck driver down as he was crossing. Just looking at him. Like, "I've got the light. You know I've got the light. You know I've got that light." I was running behind him, all apologetic. "I'm sorry, I didn't know. He– I'm sorry. I would have stopped– I've never done this before." I walked with that man for 12 blocks. And let me tell you, I have never been imbued with the confidence of another human being the way I was with him. I started that day... thinking and pondering before stepping out. And after a few blocks with him, I started believing. And after eight blocks, it was the only way I knew how to live. I had my phone out. I was tweeting and texting. I didn't play games. I'd be looking down, look up. The light would change, and I was out. I didn't care if a truck or a train was coming towards me. I was out! Because I've come to realize, in America, if you got the white man on your side, you can do whatever you like. You just roll.

What an exciting time it's been. I couldn't have chosen a better time to come and live in the United States. Huh? What an exciting time. I'm surprised that, with everything that's happened, it hasn't all burned down. I've been coming to the United States, on and off, visiting for almost ten years. And... what was great about visiting on and off was I got to experience America in snapshots. You know, I would feel what the people were feeling. I would get an idea of what the populace was going through. And... I'll never forget how every time I came to America... one of the biggest things I noticed was how black Americans were having a tough time. I remember the first time I came out. I was staying on the West Coast, and I met a young African American man in Compton. And we were hanging out at a comedy club. This guy, he looked over at me and he's like, "Hey, yo, Trevor. You the dude from Africa, man?" I said, "Yeah, yeah. I'm one of them, yeah." He's like, "Yo, man. I can't front, B. It's an honor to meet you, man. Yo, I always wanted to meet a dude from Africa. You're an OG, man. You're an OG." I was like, "Thank you." He was like, "Yeah, man. You know how hard it is out here for a black man? Dude, I can't front, man. You can't get no jobs, man. The cops be on your ass all the time, man. I'm fittin' to go to Africa myself, man. Yo, I'm gonna go to Africa with you, man. I'm going with you, B." And I was like, "Yeah, you should buy the ticket, we can roll. Let's go." I connected with him that day. I felt something. Fast-forward, a few years later. I remember I met... a beautiful black woman. Down South, I was doing shows in Birmingham, Alabama. This woman came up to me after the show. She connected with me instantly. She was like, "Trevor, baby. Can I just tell you right now? I ain't never met a stranger I felt so connected to. When you talk about Africa, when you say those things, I'm like, 'Oh, man, oh, Lord, I wish I could go with you.' Tell me all about the motherland, baby. I want to go to a place I can call my own. I want to go to a place where people don't look at me like I don't belong. Tell me all about Africa, baby. Tell me all about it." And I could feel what she was saying. And I knew that people weren't having a good time. And then you fast-forward... to 2016. I'll never forget that moment when Donald Trump... closed the lead, had a one-in-two chance of being President of the United States. And for the first time in my life, I had white Americans coming up to me, going, "So, Trevor, tell me about Africa. What's going on out there? It's, uh– [laughs] Sounds like a plan, am I right? What is it, motherland? Motherland, yeah. Yeah. I should come with you. Ali boma ye. Count me in, buddy." And it's not just America as well. It's not just America. You know, a lot of Americans were shocked by that rhetoric, but if you expanded your view, you realized that the rise of nationalism is taking place all over the world. In Austria, in Australia. In England. That was what Brexit was all about. Right? They made it seem like it was about the economy, but it wasn't. The truth was it was fundamentally people who wanted their country back. It never went anywhere. But they still wanted it back. I saw people on the news, talking to the BBC. [British accent] "That's why I'm voting for Brexit, right? Because this bloody country is going to the dogs. Right? This bloody country. And I want Britain back. That's why we voted for Brexit, because we want Britain back!" From who? From who? Britain is, like, 95% white. Who do you want it back from? People say the weirdest things, the craziest things. "These bloody immigrants come over here. They're up to no good, right? I hate these bloody immigrants. They need to go back to where they came from." -But why do you hate them so much? -"I'll tell you why I hate them. Because they're not even trying to be British. That's why. They don't even try to be British. They come here. They bring their own bloody culture. They bring their own food, spit their own bloody languages, try to take over the whole bloody place." That sounds British to me. If there's one country... if there's one nation in the world, that has no right to complain about immigration, it's Great Britain. If there's one nation in particular. You do understand, they created the problem that they are now dealing with. They went out and colonized the world. At one point, half of the globe was controlled by the British Empire. Do you understand how insane that is? They went around colonizing from pillar to post. People didn't care about them. No one was trying to find the British. The British were the ones traveling the world, telling everyone of their existence, knocking on doors. "Hey, we're the British. Follow us." It's basically ancient Twitter, that's what that was. I'm not saying the British are bad people, by the way. I understand that colonization was something that was popular at one time. Many European countries participated in it. But the British were the best. They were the best. It's not because they were bad. I think– I blame it on the weather. That's what I think happened. I think they have bad weather, and bad weather makes you a bad person. Yeah, because if you think about it, there was no one from a tropical climate who was trying to take over the world. You don't ever hear stories of Caribbean conquerors. Yeah, there's no stories of, like, Troy The Terrible from Trinidad. You don't hear these stories. There's no need for that. When the weather is horrible, you want to go somewhere else and take it from somebody. If you're living in a beautiful paradise, you have no need to leave. Could you imagine that scene? Just some random handsome guys hanging out on a beach in the Caribbean, one looking at the other out of nowhere. [Caribbean accent] "Darius. Darius!" "What, Troy?" "I was thinking, bro. Stay with me here. I was thinking, right? We should build boats, sail around the world and force everyone to dance Calypso." It wouldn't happen. It just wouldn't happen. The British colonized with class. They went all over the globe. And colonization– we read it about it now, and it seems normal 'cause it's in the history book. They colonize. When you think about colonization, it's the strangest thing you can think about. 'Cause conquering is one thing. You go to another country, you take what's theirs. You want more– you take the land. You take the resources. You kill the people. That I understand. But colonization– I don't condone. I understand. But colonization is strange, because you go there, and you don't just take over. You then force the people to become you. That is such a strange concept when you think about where the British did it. I mean, they did it in Africa. You know, they did it in Asia. And think about in India. Those cultures could not be more diametrically opposed. And out of nowhere, the British just decided to roll up. Imagine what the Indians must have felt like on that day. Minding your own business. Walking through a field. Next thing you know, the British showed up on horseback. [imitates clopping hooves] [imitates bugle call] "Hear ye, hear ye! By order of Her Majesty the Queen, we have arrived! "You over there! What is the name of this land?" [Indian accent] "This land over here? This is called India." "Well, my good man, I am here to tell you that India is now under the British Empire." "And I'm glad that I can tell you that India is exactly where it was yesterday." "No, no. I feel you're not understanding what I'm saying. I'm letting you know that we are here to colonize you by order of the Queen." "Who is the Queen?" "The Queen. The Queen of England, the Ruler of Great Britain. She who was ordained by God." "Which god?" "God. The one true God." "There are many gods, my friend. What is the name of your god?" "There is only one God. And his name is God, and you, too, shall worship him." "You want me to worship a god, but you don't want to tell me his name? What are you talking about? There are many gods. There is Shiva. There's Lakshmi. There's Hari Krishna. There are many gods! What is the name of your god?" "His name is God!" "You don't know the name of your god?" "It's just God!" "Is it like Mommy or Daddy? You want me to worship your god, but you don't want to tell me his name? How am I going to pray to him? What do I do? Every morning, I wake up and I pray: 'Oh, dear God, I was hoping that maybe, God, you could help me– No. Sorry, not you. Other god. No, no, other god. No, no. Wrong god. No, God. I was trying to talk– No, no. You're right. I should have asked for your first name. No, God. No, other god, please. No, behind that god. No, not you today, God. Other god. Right. He told me you would know who I was talking to. No, other god, please. That god on the– No, no. That god, you– ' Then I wonder why my prayers are not getting answered." "How dare you speak to me like that? Do you know who I am?" "No, because you never introduced yourself." "I have come here representing Great Britain." "And I have never heard of Great Britain. Who gave you that name?" "Well– well, we did." "You called yourselves 'great'? Isn't that a little presumptuous? Shouldn't you wait for other people to tell you how great you are? Shouldn't you just go around the world and just do good things, good things? Then people go, 'Oh, my God, Britain, look how great you are!'" "Well, I beg to differ. I believe we could do it because we knew instinctively, we are Great Britain!" "Well, in that case, welcome to Great India." "No, it doesn't work like that! How dare you speak to me like this!" "You're the one who dares to speak to me, okay? I was here, minding my own business in my land. You came over here, riding on your skinny cow, telling me that things are going to change. I don't know who you are. All I know is you are clearly crazy.
You're not feeling too right. I didn't want to say anything, but you look like you're going to faint. In fact, it looks like you have died last week. Okay? Something is very wrong with your skin. You're not looking good. Maybe you should come down. We have a curry, talk about this." "What are you talking about? I look quite normal!" "You do not look normal. I have never seen anybody with that complexion in my life, okay? You look like you're playing hide-and-seek with the sun your entire life. I don't know what is happening, but that is not how a person should look. I can see your veins pumping through your skin right now. You know how creepy that is? Pumping, pumping, pumping. If I was your doctor, I don't need X-ray machine. I go, 'What is problem? It is your kidney. How do I know? Because you're translucent. That is how I know.'" "Damn you! We are going to run this country whether you like it or not!" "We are not going to do anything you tell us. You're a madman." "We are going to take it!" "You're not taking– " "We're going– " [imitates gunshot] "She's all yours. Take, take. You don't play nice. Take."
And that's how the British took over. [cheers and applause] That's how they took over India. And then, many, many years later, the British, after they were done pillaging, left and went back home. And so, it only stands to reason that those Indians, who they had now made British, would seek out... the land from whence they came. I don't understand why British people are complaining, going, "Why are they coming here? Why the hell are you coming here?!" "Because you told us how great it was, so we came to see for ourselves." "No. Go back to where you came from! Go back! You're not welcome here. This is not your home." "But you said we are all part of the British Empire." "When I said 'part,' I meant you are under us. We are the British. You are the empire." "What do you mean?" "We are the British, and you are the empire." "Okay, well, in that case, the empire strikes back. Now make some curry and tell me where we're sitting. Let's go, let go, let's go." They can't complain. They cannot complain. If there's one nation in the world that can't complain– The truth is none of us should be complaining. When you think about it, what people term "immigration" just depends on your timeline. Right? You're an immigrant. When do you measure from? Everyone is an immigrant from somewhere. Whenever I see people have those conversations in America: "These damn immigrants coming over here. These damn immigrants. Get out of here!" I always wonder what Native Americans must be thinking when they are listening to the words that are being said. You know? People confidently saying, "This is not where they came from! This is not their land!" They're like, "Oh, tell me more." "They need to go back 'cause this is not their home!" "Oh, really?" Everyone is an immigrant in some way, you know. When you travel, you see this. I say that to people. I'll go, "Travel the world." If there's one thing you will never waste your money on, it's traveling. Travel the world. See another place. Discover a different point of view. Traveling is the antidote to ignorance, and that's so true. It changes your mind, your perspective, how you believe, what you believe. And one of the greatest things you can do when you travel is traveling to a country where they don't speak your language. That's my favorite thing, going to a place where they don't speak English, just to make you realize how insignificant you really are. You're not the center of the universe. There's another world that exists beyond you. I try and do that all the time. I try my utmost. I go to English-speaking countries, but I try every now and again to go to a country where they speak no English. Like, recently, I went to Scotland. Right? And– And again... I had an amazing time. The place was beautiful. It was a different culture. Rich in history. They have the rolling highlands of Scotland. They've got these castles, beautiful, perfectly preserved, hundreds of years old. In the streets, there's the men playing the bagpipes, wearing the kilts. No black people. But not in a bad way. Not in a bad way. Just in a matter-of-fact way, you know? When I say there's no black people in Scotland, I just mean there's no black people. There's a good way and a bad– The good way is when you get there, you're like, "There's no black people." But some places you go, like, "There's no black people." And that's– You know what I mean? That means some shit went down. You can feel it when you get there. Like Australia, there's no aborigines. When you get there, you're like, "Hey, Australia! Wait, where's all the black people?" They're like, [Australian accent] "Oh, I don't know. They left." You can feel something went wrong. Scotland doesn't have that, you know? Scotland doesn't have black people because they are further north. Further north, there were no black people. Not many black things further north. The further north you go, the whiter things become. There's the people, Christmas, the bears. Everything changes. If you went to a Scottish person and said, "Excuse me, sir. Are you racist?" He'd be like, [Scottish accent] "I don't know. I never tried." I had so much fun in Scotland. I was in Glasgow for a week. I was driving around in the back of a car. Every single day, I would try and spot black people. It was a little game I played by myself. Every day, I would just be there, like, "Black person, black person... Ah! No. Statue. Black person, black person... Ah! No. Reflection. Black person, black person..." No black people anywhere. None. That's why I say traveling is important. I'd never been to a place where there were no black people before. It actually made me realize that there had been an issue that I'd been grappling with for so long. And now, finally, I had another answer. And that issue... was that of James Bond. I'm a big fan of 007. License to kill. I loved it my whole life. Started with Pierce Brosnan. Then went back and watch Connery's and Lazenby's and everyone, all the way to Daniel Craig. And I love James Bond. And when I found out that Daniel Craig no longer wanted to be James Bond, I was heartbroken. Until I heard... that, at the top of the list, the potential replacement was a man by the name Idris Elba. [cheers and applause] And I lost my mind. I lost my– You can hear the ladies. They're, like, "Yeah," you know? And that's what James Bond needs: a lady's man and a man's man, and Idris has that. He's strong. He's charming. He's got that quiet thing. "Yeah, you know, Idris Elba. Oh, yeah. Idris Elba, you know?" You could just see him playing the dapper spy. And as soon as it was announced, everyone was excited, until the comments section of the Internet came in. "Idris Elba, James Bond." And the comments section was like, "Uh, actually... Idris Elba could not play James Bond." And we're like, "Why?" They're like, "Because... Hmm?" "'Cause of the shape of his head? What are you saying?" "No, because..." -"Because what?" -"Because he's black! James Bond cannot be played by a black man!" As soon as they said that, the Internet exploded. [imitates explosion] "Racism!" Immediately, that happened, I jumped in. I don't even know what it's about half of the time, I jump in. You say "racism," and I wreck my site. I'm just like, "Racism! Aah! You guys will explain it later. Racism!" I was in there, like, "What the hell is going on?" They're like, "James Bond cannot be played by Idris Elba because Idris Elba is black, and James Bond is white!" I was like, "Well, actually, James Bond is a fictional character, so he can be played by anyone, because it is fiction!" They were like, "When you think about it, James Bond was based on a real man, who was white, and so, he should be played by a real white man." I said, "That doesn't make sense. If you think about it, Jesus was technically a black man, but he gets played by a white man. So I don't know what your point is, 'cause that never stopped me from receiving my blessings. I don't know what you're going on about." They're like, "You can't have it!" I was like, "Racism!" "You can't have it!" "Racism!" And then I went to Scotland. I realized that maybe, just maybe... I hadn't given the argument enough thought. Because I love Idris Elba. I want him to play Bond. But if you think about it, James Bond often operates in places like Scotland and the UK and Europe. Because that's where most supervillains choose to reside. I'm assuming it's for tax purposes. No matter how you feel about the issue, you have to admit... it would be particularly difficult... to be a spy... when you are the only... black person in town. Your very existence defies your purpose. I'm not saying it's impossible, I'm just saying that would be the toughest James Bond movie that was ever made. Can you imagine that scene? Idris Elba, James Bond, planting the C-4, blowing up the bad guy's lair, jumping on a bike, riding into the town square in Edinburgh. [imitates motorcycle engine] The bad guys right behind him. They pull out their guns, start shooting. [imitates machine gun fire] The chase is on. [humming James Bond theme music] Idris Elba, James Bond, jumps off the bike, runs into a crowded town square, the bad guys right behind him. He manages to shake them off, pops into a little alley, gets out on the other side, finds a crowded little marketplace, puts a scarf around his head, a fake beard, blends in with a group of monks walking by. The bad guys turn the corner. "There he is!" [humming James Bond theme music] James Bond manages to shake them off, gets into another group of areas, pops out on the other side, finds a transportation hub, gets into a bus, the bus goes one way, gets into a tram, the tram goes the other way. The bad guys turn the corner. "There he is!" [humming James Bond theme music] The movie would be ten minutes long. It would end with James Bond panting in an alley. [panting] "How did you find me?" We would lose so many epic scenes... like that moment where James reveals his name. Do you know that scene in the casino we always wait for? Him dressed in a tux, playing a high-stakes game of baccarat. You see Idris Elba walking over to the bartender now to place that iconic order. "Bartender, I'll take my martini shaken, not stirred. The name's..." [Scottish accent] "James Bond. I know." "I'm sorry, mate, have we met?" "No. I just heard there was a spy in town. Figured it was you." "What gave me away? Is it the way I dress?" "Oh, there's just something about you." "Something like what?" "You know... Hmm." It'll be hard.

Scotland was so much fun. Every day I was there, I felt like I was learning something new. I did learn something that I wish to share with you, and I hope you'll not suffer the same ills I did. If you do go to Scotland, and you are ever offered a drink... don't. Because, you see, the Scottish, unlike us– We drink to enjoy. The Scottish drink to die. I used to think the Scottish had an accent. I've now learned that's just centuries of people trying not to throw up. That's all that is. [Scottish accent] "All right. What you do... [groaning] You laddies never had that drink– [groaning] [speaking gibberish in Scottish accent] I made that mistake myself. I was doing shows in Edinburgh. And after one of the shows, I left the venue and my friend Mick was waiting for me backstage. He was like, "How was your show?" "It was good, Mick. How was yours?" He's like, "Not too bad. Me and the lads are going to the pub, grab a drink. You wanna join us?" I said, "No, I don't really drink, Mick. I'm just gonna go home." He's like, "It's not about drinking. We're just gonna hang out, right? Just grab a wee, little drink." And that's where he got me. Scottish people do that so well. Just like, "A wee, little drink?" Makes it sound harmless, doesn't it? "Oh, just a wee, little drink?" Sounds tiny. "Wee, little, drink. Yeah, wee, little." Nothing sounds dangerous like that. Yeah, what happened in Nagasaki? "Oh, they dropped a wee nuclear bomb." Doesn't sound that bad. He was like, "A wee, little drink." I was like, "Let's have a wee, little drink." So I joined him. We went drinking. I don't remember. I do remember waking up the next day in my bed, partially dressed, shirt on the floor. Pants still on. Left shoe on. Right shoe on the pillow beside me. And my head pounding, pounding. You know when you can hear you heart beating inside your head? I get up and I'm like, "Oh, I feel horrible." And as I stand up– As I stand up, I could feel– I could feel... the vomit coming. I could feel it. I could feel it, like... [whooshing sound] It did that thing. But I held it. I controlled that. If there's one thing you should know about me, it's I don't throw up. Let's just get that straight. I don't throw up. I control myself. When I see people throwing up, I'm like, "You're weak. Control yourself. You're weak." This is my body, my temple. I control it. The body tried. I was like, "No! No!" My body was like, "Come on, man. I gotta– " I was like, "No! No! Breathe!" [breathing deeply] Had it in check. Went to the kitchen, started to make some breakfast. And as I poured the milk into the cereal bowl, my body was like, "Hey, Trevor?" I was like, "What's going on, buddy?" "Hey, do you mind if I burp?" "Of course I don't mind if you burp. You burp all the time." "Yeah, 'cause I'm gonna burp right now. Just a standard, everyday burp." "I don't know why you're warning me. You never warn me usually when you burp. You just burp." "I wanted to let you know it's just a burp. Don't worry." I was like, "Okay, go ahead and burp." "Okay, here it comes." And my body was like... [imitates vomiting] But then, I caught it in my mouth. I caught it all in my mouth, though. Oh, yeah. Judge me! Judge me. The only reason you know the taste is because you're alcoholics. You're gonna judge me. We've all done that before. That's the classy thing to do. Catch it in your mouth, so you can handle your business in the toilet. Caught it all in my mouth. I ran to the toilet. I threw up, and it was the worst feeling in the world. I don't even drink. Throwing up is now an added reason to not– And, you know, when you're throwing up... the worst part for me is the dry heaving. You know, when you're done, everything is finished, but still– That's when I know that humans aren't as evolved as we think we are. Because your body and your brain, at that point, there's nothing left. There's nothing there, and still you– There's nothing there. [imitates heaving] There's nothing. And we're all in that position– It's not gracious. No one's looking cool. Everyone is there. You're just like... Everyone is in that same position. No one throws up in a cool fashion. No one's there, like... [imitates heaving] No one. Every single one of us, we're reduced... to a pile of pain. [groaning and coughing] It's finished. It's finished. It's fini– [heaving and sobbing] Oh, it's so sore. It's so sore. There's nothing there. Why don't you realize that– [groaning] Oh, please. Oh, please. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I don't even know what– [groaning] And then blood came out. Yeah, not good. So, I panicked. I was like, "I'm bleeding internally. I need to get to the hospital." Called my friend Mick. I was like, "Mick, where are you?" He's like, "I'm home. What's going on?" I said, "I need your help. I drank too much last night." He's like, "Yeah. And?" I said, "This morning, I threw up a lot." He's like, "Yeah, right. And?" I said, "And then, while I was throwing up, blood came out." He's like, "Yeah, right. And?" I said, "And that's it, Mick. Blood came out of my mouth." He said, "Oh, that's too bad, Trevor. So, what are you gonna do now?" I said, "I'm gonna go to the hospital, Mick." He's like, "I don't know if that's necessary. Like, was it a lot of blood?" "Any blood is a lot of blood. What do you mean?" He's like, "I know what you're saying, but was it a lot, or was it a wee bit of blood?" Mick didn't take me to the hospital. Instead, he decided to come over with some bananas and white bread. He forced me to eat that. And that night, I had another show. I was horrible. It was a bad show. And afterwards, I leave the venue. And who's standing outside waiting for me? My good friend Mick. And he's like, "Trevor, how was your show?" I said, "It was horrible, Mick, horrible. I thought I was gonna die." He's like, "Oh, that's too bad. You wanna go talk about it over a pint?" I said, "What?" He's like, "Let's go grab a wee drink." I said, "There's no wee nothing here. There is no "wee" ever again." He's like, "What are you talking about?" I said, "Mick, I thought I was gonna die. I'm not gonna drink." He's like, "Don't be like that. It's just one bad day." I was like, "Yeah, and I'd like to live to see another, Mick. I'm not going with you." He's, like, "Trevor, don't be– " I'm like, "Don't be like what?" He's like, "Don't be a pussy." And that's where he lost me. That is where he lost me. I understand what he was trying to do.

Guys do it all the time. Hit you with the phrase, "Don't be a pussy." Yes. Because it implies weakness. Yeah. Do not be like the vagina. The vagina that is weak. Yes. Yes. Don't be a pussy. Guys say that, and then you do what they want. "Don't be a pussy." Yeah, don't be a pussy, 'cause the pussy is weak. And yet, in my personal experience... I have found the pussy to be one of the strongest things I have ever come across in my life. Don't be a pussy? Have you ever come across a pussy? The vagina is one of the most powerful– You realize vaginas can start revolutions and end wars. You realize, even on a physical level, the vagina is one of the strongest things that have ever existed. Virtually indestructible. Many men in this room– Many, many men in this room have tales of how they once defeated the pussy. Let me tell you now, they have not. The owner of the pussy may have given you the impression that you defeated the pussy, but it is alive and well, my friends. Whenever people say that, I go, "Do you understand how impressive the vagina is? Do you understand how strong it is?" There's a reason men have sought to oppress it for so long. The vagina is frighteningly powerful. You realize human beings come out of a vagina. Human beings come out, and still it continues to work as intended. Do you understand how impressive that is? I don't know if I'm the only one. New York, do you understand? A human being comes out... of the vagina. And still, it continues to operate, and it continues to work after a human has just come out. You're saying it's weak? A human came out of the vagina. You just sit on a penis wrong, and it breaks. You just– "Don't be a penis," that should be the phrase. "Don't be a pussy." I wish I was a pussy. Are you serious right now? "Don't be a penis," that should be the saying.

Scotland taught me so many things. Beautiful place, beautiful people, rich in culture. My favorite thing to do while I was there was trying to learn the Scottish accents. I butcher it, but I don't care. I have fun. What I do when I travel is try to speak to people in their accents and see if they can catch me out. That's one of my favorite games. I'd walk into a store in Edinburgh, and I'd just be like... [Scottish accent] "Good afternoon. I would like to buy a pair of shoes." He'd be like, "Where are you from?" "I'm from Scotland." "Aye, what part?" "Johannesburg." I love it, though. I love the accents not just because they sound fun and it's an interesting thing to do. I love accents because I'm always impressed by how much power they have over us, over our minds. When someone speaks a certain way, it changes how we feel about that person, for good and for bad. We do it all the time. You see people on the streets, they speak to you, you think of them a different way. You see world leaders. They speak a certain way, you think of them a different way. You know? Barack Obama, one of the greatest examples of that. Everything about Barack. Barack Obama was, by far, the coolest president that has ever existed. Just everything about the man, you know? That confidence, the smile, the swag. When you notice Barack– I would notice it in the small things, like when he'd step out of Air Force One. He did it like no other president in the world. Normally, presidents step out of their airplane in a frumpy manner. There's no class or skill. They just, like, come out. But Barack... he wouldn't step out. He'd emerge. He'd emerge like he was stepping out of the plane and into a music video. He'd do that thing where he'd come out... [cheers and applause] And then he'd go down the stairs, doing it the only way he could, you know? The way he descended, it looked like every time he hit the ground, he was just gonna go into verse one. Just straight into it, like... ♪ Girl ♪ ♪ I wanna take you there ♪ ♪ Give you my Obamacare ♪ Oh, man. Barack Obama's just too cool. He had the walk. He had the talk. That was the big thing people never realized about Barack Obama, was the talk. That's what really gave him the edge. He has a certain way of speaking, a certain voice that commands your attention, makes you feel about him a certain way. It's the accent, the way he speaks. And I don't know how many people realized this, but Nelson Mandela had the same thing. Yeah. See, the thing Barack Obama has in his voice, that is the voice of a first black president. A lot of people didn't notice that because he was the first and last first black president of the United States. You wouldn't know to compare. I'm lucky in that I've gotten to be– I've gotten to live in the country of two first black presidents, namely, Nelson Mandela and Barack Obama. So, I know what I'm talking about. They both have that thing. It's just difficult to hear because Mandela's obviously South African, and he was older. They both had that thing in the voice. When Nelson Mandela would speak, a room would silence. You could feel the energy. [imitating Nelson Mandela] "I believe... that every person, regardless of the color of their skin, should have equal rights, and they may never be taken again. To those who would seek to oppress, I say to you, never, and never again." And the people would lose their minds. People would feel the chills, because he had that thing. Nelson Mandela was destined for greatness because of that voice. He could not be a normal man with a voice like that. You can't do normal things with that voice. You are destined for greatness. You can't be running in the streets: "And a Kit Kat, please." No. No. It's so unique. You can't be silly. What are you making, prank phone calls? "Who the hell is this?!" "I'm not telling you." [laughs] It just doesn't work. I remember when Nelson Mandela was still alive, and he would tell jokes at press conferences and events, and no one would laugh. Because everyone thought a man who had been in jail for 27 years couldn't make a joke. And yet, he still did. He still kept what was him. It was partly because of that voice. He would tell the joke, and it would just sound too epic for people to laugh. Everything he did, he'd just be like, "Ah, knock, knock." People would be like, "Let him in. Let him in!" "No. No, no. You must say, 'Who's there?'" "He is so right. We've always got to ask, 'Who's there?' Who's here? Who are we?' Oh, my God!" It was because of that voice, the first black president voice. And I'll never forget the day I saw a picture... of Barack Obama meeting Nelson Mandela for the very first time. It's a beautiful image, and it's of the two men in silhouette. In Chicago, Nelson Mandela sitting in a chair. Barack Obama leaning over him. And this was way back in the day. This was before Barack Obama was a blip on the presidential radar. He was a junior senator. Not many people knew his name. Back then, he was driving around in his own car. No motorcade. Had his aide with him. And that day, they heard Nelson Mandela was going to be in Chicago meeting people. Barack Obama wanted to meet him his whole life. He rushed over there. He was the last person Nelson Mandela saw. The last person he saw that day. And I always imagine Nelson Mandela was sitting in the room, and his assistant came over. She was like, "Mr. Mandela, I know we said we're done. But unfortunately, there's this one person who would like to meet you, sir." He's like, "Oh, Zelda. I'm so tired. Can we leave?" "No, I know you want to leave, Mr. Mandela. But there's a young man there you really need to meet. His name is Barack Hussein Obama." "Barack Hussein Obama? He's American?" "Yes, that's correct." "He's going to have a tough time. Where is he?" "He's right outside the door." "Okay. Show him in. Show Barack in." "Okay, I'll be right back." And she went over to the door. She's like, "Mr. Obama, Mr. Mandela will see you now." And Barack walked in. He was super excited to meet his idol. Nelson Mandela was sitting on the chair. He looked over. "Ah. Young Barack. How are you?" And Barack was like, "Oh, man, Nelson Mandela, this is the craziest day of my life! I can't believe this shit! I can't believe I'm meeting Nelson Mandela for the first time. I waited my whole life for this moment. I want to be just like you. I read your books. I saw what you were doing in prison. I was like, 'I'll be the first black president of America.' I'm gonna do the same things you did. I'm gonna win those votes. I'm gonna be the first black President of America!" And Nelson Mandela was like, "Not with that voice. You will scare the white people." "Oh, man, Nelson Mandela, this is the greatest day of my life. I don't even understand how– I want to know from you, how do I do it? How do I do what you did? How do I become the first black president?" "Well, first things first. We need to change that voice. You don't sound like you are going to lead anything." "I don't know what you mean." "You are speaking so fast. Slow it down. You're not being chased anymore." "Wow, I never thought of it like that." "Slow down. Slow down." "Okay. I guess I do speak fast sometimes. -Like, I could– " -"Slower than that." "I could slow it down. I could slow it way down. Is this good?" "That's better. Now, you need to make sure... you add some bass to your voice." "I don't know why that's an issue." [high-pitched voice] "Imagine if I spoke like this. Do you think people would have voted for me? [normal voice] No. I would still be in jail. Bring some bass." "Okay, I could try to– [clears throat] I could try to bring some bass. Is that– " "Lower than that." [deeper voice] "I can go lower than that. Is that good?" "Lower than that." [deeper voice] "Lower, lower. Way down. I could keep it here. I could keep it here." "That's better. Now, very important: to be a first black president, your pacing must... be... powerful. Every word... must seem... like the last... you will ever speak." "Wow, that's powerful, Mr. Mandela. Let me try... to speak like that. Does that work?" "That's good. Very good. I can feel it. Yes. Now, for the magic touch. To be first black president, you need to have the husk." [raspy vocalizing] [deep, raspy vocalizing] "No. More husky." [raspy vocalizing] "That's it. You are getting it now." [raspy vocalizing continues] "That's it. I think you've got it. Now, repeat after me. America." "America." "No. The husk. Bring the husk back. America." -"America." -"America." [imitating Barack Obama] "America." "America." -"America." -"Yes! I can feel it. Say, 'This is my country.'" -"This is my country." -"Yes! -This is my dream!" -"This is my dream." "Yes, I can feel it." You are going to be the first black president." "I don't know. Do you think we can do it?" -"Yes, we can." -"Yes, we can." -"Yes, we can." -"Yes, we can." -"Yes, we can." -"Yes, we can." "Ha ha! You've got it right. Now, go get them, my nigga." [cheers and applause] I'd like to think that's how it went down.

It's crazy and frightening when you think about how just the way you speak can determine and change your path in life. We still do it today. It's the reason half of the world has immigrant problems. It's not really immigrant problems. It's the fear of something different. When people say they don't like immigrants, most of the time, they're not referring to immigrants who look and sound like them. They're talking about immigrants who speak differently, who look different. You know, 'cause an accent comes with a connotation. You think you know if someone is smart or stupid because of their accent. And yet, an accent is not a measure of intelligence. It's just someone speaking your language with the rules of theirs. Accents have connotations. We cannot deny it. Look at the French. We all believe that the French are romantic. Why? Because of their accent. They've got that thing. [vocalizing with French inflection] [French accent] "I was thinking that maybe we could– how you say– afterwards, maybe we could try to..." [female voice] "Oh, my God, he's so sexy. Oh, my God." Accents determine how we see people. Same thing happens with the Russians. The Russians, the most feared people on the planet. Why? Because of how they speak. I don't care who you are, you cannot deny that when a Russian speaks, you are not comfortable. As soon as they open their mouths: [Russian accent] "Yeah. Going to kill you, break you. I'll destroy your family." Even if they say nice things, it still sounds menacing and dangerous. "Yeah, fluffy rabbits and teddy bears. Happy Valentine's Day." Sounds like a threat. You don't mess with Russians. I don't care who you are, where you are, you do not mess with the Russians because of that accent. All of us in the world are afraid of the Russians. They do that thing when they speak. Strikes fear into the hearts of men. And you see it every single day. Look what happened at the Olympics. We found out the Russians have been doping for the last four or five Olympics. Olympic Committee banned them, confidently as well. While they were in Zurich. [German accent] "We here at the Olympic Committee feel that the Russians may no longer participate in the Olympic Games to their doping practices. And they are now hereby uninvited from the Games in Rio and banned hitherto into the future. Thank you very much." And the Russians were like, "What did you say?" "The truth is, you know, the Olympics is for everybody. You can come when you want to. I mean, who am I to ban you, ja? This is for all of us. Okay. I see you in Rio. Okay. Auf wiedersehen. Bye-bye." Everyone's afraid of the Russians. You see it when it comes to geopolitics. Look at what happened in the Ukraine. Russia took a piece of another country. Annexed Crimea. No provocation, no reason. Out of nowhere, the Russians were just like, "Yeah. I like." And the whole world, what did we do? [whistling] You don't mess with the Russians. Most frightening people in the world. You know how I know this? You know how I've learned? Because I've learned how to use the Russian accent for myself. I've learned how to harness that energy and use it for good. I'll share this with you, I don't mind. I, uh– I'm not particularly comfortable in the house at night by myself. What I'm trying to say is I'm afraid of the dark. And I know it's stupid to be afraid of the dark, right? Because there's nothing there, nine times out of ten. But what happens is, I'll be sleeping. And in the middle of the night, I'll be woken up by the need to pee. And whenever that happens, I'm always faced with the eternal dilemma. When I go to the bathroom, do I turn the lights on and lose my sleep? Or do I leave the lights off and shit myself? I never know which one to go with. But what I started doing now is I leave the lights off. And when I go the bathroom, I just speak to myself in a Russian accent. It sounds crazy, but I feel safe. I feel like I'm the most dangerous thing in the night. You'll find me at three a.m., barefoot, walking to the toilet, like, "Yes. Big boy got to make a pee-pee. No trouble over here. It's potty time." I feel safe, like even if there's a monster under the bed, he'd be like, "Is that a Russian?" There's just something about that Russian accent. Ladies, every single one of you needs to learn the Russian accent. You read stories all the time. I talk to my female friends all the time, my family members, and women are constantly under assault. Women are living a life of being vulnerable. Walking through the streets, men catcalling. In the office place, people groping. Feeling like they have ownership of the female form. I know we can't solve this tomorrow, but if you learn the Russian accent, half of those problems would disappear. The next time you're in a compromising position, you're at a bar, waiting for your drink. That creepy guy comes up and starts grinding on you from behind. "Hey, how are you? Hey, you want to dance?" "No, I'm fine, thank you. I'm just getting a drink. I don't– " "Come on, dance with me, girl." "I'm fine. I don't wanna dance. Thank you. I'm waiting for my friends. I'm good." "Come on. ♪ I know you want me ♪ ♪ You know I want you ♪ Come on! ♪ I know you want me ♪" "I don't want dance with you. Please!" "Hey, you don't gotta be such a bitch!" Whenever that happens, ladies, don't be afraid, don't stress. Just whip out your Russian and kill it dead. As soon as he says, "Don't be such a bitch!" Just be like... [Russian accent] "You want to see bitch?" Done. Sober up and walk away. Use it for anything, ladies. Anything. At work, in the streets. Use it at home. Doesn't have to be life-or-death, could be a mild annoyance. Yeah. Next time you're in bed. You're trying to sleep, but you can't because there's this horny little rabbit behind you... dry-humping your back. You know the nights I'm talking about. Everyone in this room knows the nights I'm talking about. Ladies, you're dog-tired, you just want to fall asleep. And he's there behind you. "Baby. Baby. Baby. Baby." [tiredly] "What?" "Are you sleeping?" "Yeah, I'm trying. What do you want?" "I want you, baby. I've wanted you all night. Oh, I want you so bad. You look so good right now. In that nightgown and your curlers, girl. I just want you so bad right now." "Oh, baby. Thank you for thinking I'm beautiful even though I'm in my curlers, but, please, can we talk about this tomorrow? I'm so tired. Baby, aren't you tired?" "I'm never tired for you, girl. I want you right now." "Oh, baby, please. Let's do this tomorrow. Please, I'm so tired. I just want to sleep." "It's fine. You can sleep. I don't mind." "No, I'm not gonna– " Yo, for real, ladies, can I just say, men are creeps. On behalf of all men, I apologize, because we are disgusting creeps. Every single one of us. "No, I'm not gonna sleep. What's wrong with you? What are you talking about?" "What do you mean? I want you, is that so bad?" "I'm just tired." "You said when we left the show, 'That was fun, we had a good time.' Then we're driving home. You were like, 'I can't wait to get you back.'" "I know I said that, and I did, I wanted to. But then I got into bed. I didn't even realize how tired I was. Baby, please. I promise you I'm not– " "You do this to me all the time. What am I supposed to do now? Look at me. Do you know how hard it is to have blue balls, how painful this is? What am I supposed to do now with this?" I love how guys talk about an erection like it's something bought at the store and we can't return. Then he says, "What am I supposed to do with this? I've opened it. I can't take it back. Huh? What am I supposed to do with this?" Whenever that happens, you aren't fighting the man, you're fighting his horniness. It's gonna turn into a fight that's gonna spoil your week, maybe your month. Don't let it happen. Just get your Russian out and kill it dead. As soon as he starts losing it– "You're doing this all the time. You reject me. I just want you." And just be like, "Okay, okay. Show me what penis can do. Let's go. Make action, lover boy." Done. Problem solved. Even the penis will be like, "You know what, you're right. I told him, but he wouldn't listen to me. I don't know how we got to this point. Because what happened was he called me. 'Come out, there's a party.' I came out. I was like, 'You're sleeping?' He's like, 'I'll wake her up.' I was like, 'Don't wake her up.' You know me. I don't wake you. I'm here five times a night. I've never woken you. I don't know why he woke you up. I'm gonna be chilling. I had some stuff to do. Go back to bed. Because I respect you. I have paperwork that I'm handling in my office. If you need me, you know where to find me. He shouldn't have done that. I want to apologize, 'cause I don't think you should be in a situation where a man is pressuring you." [mumbling] Done. Kill it dead, ladies. All you need is that Russian accent. The most dangerous accent in the world. And yet... yet... strangely enough... I found the Russian language does not make me fear at all. Strangest discovery I made. The Russian accent... makes me fear. The Russian language does not. Because a language is something someone else speaks. An accent is me interpreting how they're using mine. It's a completely different thing. I was walking through the streets. There was a man on the phone, Russian guy, speaking to someone in English. Sounded like he was setting up a drug deal. Then he switched into Russian. The strangest thing happened in my brain. And he was like, "Vlad. The guys got to be there at three o'clock. Tell me when you get the package. Afterwards, I got to let you know– No, Vlad. No, listen. Vlad, Vlad. Vlad, nyet, nyet, Vlad." [speaking mock Russian] That was the weirdest thing in my head. In my head, he instantly went from international criminal to immigrant instantly. I wasn't afraid anymore. It was the strangest thing. He was just a normal person in my mind, because Russian doesn't frighten me. If anything, Russian just sounds like a DJ is scratching on a turntable. That's all I hear when I hear Russian, like a DJ took a turntable. They're scratching English like, "Vlad, the guys got to be there at three o'clock. You got to let me know when you get the package. Afterwards, the guy's got to call me. Don't worry about that. I'll let you know. No, Vlad. Listen, Vlad. [imitating record playing backwards as mock Russian] [imitates record scratching] Russian. That's all I'm hearing. New York, you guys have been amazing. Thank you so much for coming out. I had a great time with all of you. You just made one of my dreams come true. Thank you to every single one of you that came tonight. Thank you. Good night. [music playing]